cc da abacacb aaddbdcab adb bbbbcd bccdddddb cdda dbbab cabbdcbca cbcba bada acdbaddcc caaacc
 baa cdccaadad addaaab cb dbacddbaa addbcaac b bdaaabdcc caaadaddc  acdccdddc dcdabdcca d dabb
dcad acabbadcb bc cdcabac abdcbaada aab bacdab dccabbacb ccaa accbc ddcadacdc ccdcd bcab ccad
dacab bdbbab bcd cddbdbbaa daddacb bb cdbdbddbd abcaadbb c abcabdbdc dbababccc  bacabcbcc bbb
bbaaab d dcabccad aaabbccca ad cbbcbaa ddbdbbddb ccb babbbb dadaddaaa cada bacca aadcadbaa bb
baa baca cdaacbbac cbaada dad adbdccdba bacaacb ac cbcaacadb dccddcab d ccdbccbdc dbcbbdbdc  b
dbabccba cdadacdcb d bddbcbbc adabddbbb cc cccacba bacbbbdcc daa abccbb dbdcbbdac cdcc accaa
 cdbdabbcb adcca bbbc dcacccbbd dcadad bab dbbdacbbc bdcdddb ac cbdcabaca adbdaccc a bdadaacc
d cadccacab  daaaaacab ccbbaaccc b dcacaada cbddcbadd da aabbdab aabaadaab cdb ccabac adccbaa
ab adbd dcdad dcacabaaa bbacb caca acccaaacb dcdccc acc bdbbddadb babcccc bc dcaabbbcb bbcdcb
bc b abacbbaca dadaadbbc  bbcddaadb aadacbbcc a abcddcca abadcdabd bd dabbddb abddbbdac abb dd
bada aaddabaac aabc bbaad bdcbabbca cbbcc dbaa aabdbbcdd ccdbda dab cdacacacd cbcaacc cd cccb
acdbb bacadcdd d ccdcadaab aacaadcad  adaacbacd baddbdcbd d cabcdcaa babcdabcd bc acbdbac ccc
aabdbb dba abdbbb bbbccbcba adab bcaad bdcadddab cbaab dbdc adbbacabd cbbcdb acb aadbbccbd bd
aabac ba bcacabdcc ababbaaa a cbaacbbdb bcdccbbdb  cbbdcbdac aaadcddab a bbdbabbb aabacacdc c
c bdbbcac acccbbbad aac cbabaa cdcdaadbc daba adabb dcabdcaba abdba adbc caacacdac bcdcab dda
 ddadcdbca bdcbcca db ccabacadc bcabdcac a ccddabdcd cbddacaaa  aabadacac acbccdddd d bddacad
d dcddaccbd da cacaaca addbbcdac dca ccbaab dcbbdabcb bdab acaba dcabaadba bdacb acba dcbbcad
bc dbaabc cbb abaacbabb abadcbd bc ccbcbbada bdcdbbac d cdcadccca bbbbdbddb  aabdddacb cdbcad
bcd b cbacbcdb dbbddcbbb cb babddbd bdbcaccbc cdb acbdcb dbccbadcc dbca cccdd ddddaacbd adcbb
 dacd accbcabab cdcaac adc aacadaaca dbdaccd bd dbacadabc bdadcaaa c cdddcdddd bdbbadada  bbba
bccbd dadbaabbb c cccacddc bbbbdabda ba dcdcbda cbadbbbda cdb ddbaad cbbbcdbaa bcca acccd bad
bcbbdb bbaad dadd bbdadbacb bbaabd abb cddbcaacd bbdccaa dd cabbcadda dcacaaca b bbbdddabd cd
acdddbb  aabaaacda aacbcadbc a baaabdbc dbbccbacc ca dbcaaad bbbdbdcdd cba bdbacd cbdbbabbd d
acc cdbbd bbabbbbbd addbd adab dbdbddacd ddbdda dcc dddabddcd dccdcca ad dabbaaccb bcddbcdc c
 ccbdbdadb baabbbcbc  abdbbaacb cababbcdd c dcdbcdcb adacabddd ac bcbcbaa ccacbbadb aab cdbab
d bcaacaccc cdac baacc dcabcddaa dddad cbbd ccbbadcba adccbb bac dcbccbdac aaadabb dc dadccba
db aabbdcac a baddbdbdc dcabdddbd  baadcddda abadcabca d babdadab ddcbacdcc bc adabdca cdabba
cab dab dbcbda dbadacacd cdcd ddcbc adddacdac badbd bdbd ccbdbcadb baddaa bbb addcbddbd accca
ba ab bcaaacdcb acdabcad b abcadddcd cdcadbddb  abcbdcdbd adccacdaa a dbcbdbbd abccadbbd cc db
abbbc cbdcbdbaa aad cacdca abacbddad ccaa dbbdd bbcddacbd aacba aabd bcddbbdca bdbaca abd bca
abbaaa abcaacd ad acadcbdda bcccbbdc a accabaddd dbcdbbcdc  dbdabdaac cccddbdba c bdbddcda aa
abcadcd bb accbbad dbababdcc acb badbdd babbdccdb daaa ccbcd bbdbdbaba acbbc bcaa dadaaacab c
aacab bca bbdaabccd acdcadd ca dadcdcbba bcaddcac b bbdacccdb bdccccacd  caddcccaa ccbcbbcbc
 a adadcddb bcabbccdc bd cbccbdb adcacbadd ddd addcda bacabbbad dbaa cdccb cbbcddada dcabc cbb
a ccddbaadc bdcdcc ccb daaadabdd dbadccb dc dbddadaca cbccabcc d acacdacdb cacabbaaa  caacdac
cb cadacbaca c adbdacad bbdccbcbc ba daabacd bddcccabd dca bcbcad bbaddddcc cbcb cdaac acccbc
bac acaac cccc bbbdcdbad aabcaa bca cbcbccccc dbadadd ac bddcaadda addbabdd d bcddbadab addcc
dbcb  cbcdabddd bbbacdddd a adbadbbb aacbcbcaa cd acadbca bbaacccad daa bccaba badaaddcd ddca
 ddadd adabbdcba cddac cabd bbdbbabdb ccbdab cba cdbdbaddd abcbbbd da caabaaddd cacacbaa d bdc
abbdba cabcaaccc  cbabbdcad cabddadda b ddccaccb ccbcddccd db aaddabb dcdaddcaa dbc accdab bc
cdcacbb dddd dacda bdbadcdbd aaccb bdab cccdddcaa daacdd bda ccddcabbd aadddcd ad bdbcabcbd b
ccabddc a abdbaadbc dacdbaaad  cddcdcadd bbccadaad b abaacbcd bccdcdddb aa aabcdbb bddabbbdc
 bdc ccbcdd caaaadcbc cdac bdbbd bbcbacaaa dccdb bbbd abbcbdddc babdad cab daaaadabb acaddaa a
b baabbcdba aaddabdb d accbbbbca dcdcadddd  aaadbccdc adccbddda d bbcbcada adddaadab ab badba
dd dbadddccd bdd dbacac dcdadabcd bdda daadb babaabbba abaaa dcdd addcccbac ccdddd acc cbaabd
bda cbcadcc dc accbccdcd adcdccad d bdbacdccc dbcbbadab  adaacbcda dddaadcad b acbabbdd adbba
cbba da cbbbdac bdcbdaadb abb dabdba dcbbcbabb cdca ddbbc abaaacdac cacda ccbc acbaccddd acbb
aa ddd bbccbdbda addcccb cd aabcadaad bdadbbda d cbabdacad bdacaacba  dccbcaaca dcadccdcc c ab
badddd bcdadcbad aa dbdbcdb cbdbabaac aad daccca bcaabcaaa ccbc dbcbd aaccdadaa bdbdb adca aa
dbabaad aacbaa bbc ddbbdabbc bdaadca aa abcacbbda adacdddc b dcbabdabb cdadcacaa  abcdbadad b
dbcdcdaa c cacdadcc bbddbddbc ba daadacd dabbbacdc dda dcdddd cbacaabdb aaca cacda dccacddda
 abaad ddac ddadadbdb acadba dda dbbbdbacc cbbacca bd cdcaaaccc dadbabbc a abcdaccad cdbbadbb
c  dbcdbdddc dbccacdbb c cddbbbac dccacacbb bc adcdbcd adaabbddd ddb adbacd babccabcd bccb dba
ac bbbcbdcbc badcb acad aadaddcbc bacaba aba bcacaaaab bacbcbc cd ccbaabbbc adbbcabd b bdcabd
ccd dbbaabddc  ddacaadba bacacabcb b bdaddabd ddabbcbcc bd dabdddd ddaddbabd dcb ccdcca caadc
aaac cdac bbaca dddacbbad cdcdd acda cdddcabad dbdbdc abb abcccacda bcacabc ba dadababcc bcad
cdca c cbadcdbab babccbdda  adaddcbbc aabacabbd c ccbdbddd baddabdad bb dcadaba cdcdabbad ada
 cbbcab dcdaddddd ccdb cacdb dadbabbcd cabca cdcb bddacddad ddabbb dcc cdbdbdbca daccccc ad ab
aacadcd cdddccac b baabdacbd ddddcdcdc  adbcaaddc dbccabdaa c dcabcbdb baaabacca ac dcbdabc a
bbdcdddd cca bbdcdb bddcddbbc bccb dccdd cbccadbdd adbda cdbd ddcbaaccc acaaab cbb bcbdbcaca
 dcadcbb cd bcdcdabcd bcbcdcdc d bdbacbcbc dabaaacad  cdbbcabdb aadcacdbd c cbcddbdb adacccdc
a cd dcccbbb adaaccdcc caa dcacdb aabbbaaba dcda dacaa ddabdcabc dcccd daca acacacdba bcadaa b
ab ccadaacba abcabcb ad bdaccddcc cbcdbbda b dadcdadca bddcbaccc  cbaadbcca cbbbdbacd d dddcd
ccc aabadbbba db bbaacbd dcbbdbddc bcd ddcaac dbddadbad bbcd acbbd dcdcddccb cabcd bbbb adaba
cbad bcddcb abc aabaaadcd ddacbbb cd bddbabcab cdcbacba b bdccbbddc cbddcbcda  dcbbbccab adbb
dbaab d caaaaacc cdddbbdcb bc dcacddb dbdabddda aba bcaaca ccdddbdcb dcba ddbdc cbbadacbd baa
dc babc dcddcbccd aaabdd dad cacbcddca aabcdbc ca cbacabdda cdbaacdc c cdbababdd dbabdaadc  dc
babbdad daabdcdab a dacdcdaa aaacadcac ab ccbdaab dddbddaad bbd ccddbc bcabccddd ddcc acddc d
cdbbacab caaba bbaa bcbddbabc dbddbc abd dbccddcba aaddabc da addbbabac cbaaddbd d ccdddbaac
 cacdbaadd  cadadadca ddcdcbcdc c aabaadbc ddadacbda cb bcdabad adabcdabd bbc cabdcd dadccaba
d cdba adcda bcaadbddb dcdad cddb dbddbdbca acbdbc cab accbbdbaa dccbdad cb cbabaddcc bbdbaca
c c dabdacacb dacadbbcc  acdacdcbc abaabdcdc c bcbaccdc daacccdbb bd aaccaad dcacdbdcd dba aab
cbb ddadacaaa bbaa dddaa acbbcbbcd cddda dbbc aacbaadcc daaaba cda cdbbdcdab dbcbbbd ac dadcc
aabd adbbddac d accdaadbd abacacaad  baaccbbdb cbcbaccab b adbdadaa adaacaddc dc acbaaab cbcb
ccdad ddb cabccd dbddcbbcc bddb baadb dbdacdbcd aacba bbba dbddcbabd baccdd baa adbadcacd ccb
ccca ab ccbcdcdcc cbadadbb b dbcaddbda aacabdacd  dcdbdabab adcaacbcd b abcabdad dbccacbad cd
 abaaacc ccdaaddad bac daadac bdbdadbcd bccb dcbcb cbabdaacd bdbdc abda acbbbdadc cbccab add c
cbcaadbd baccdaa cd bcbbadcdb bdacbadb c cbcccadab bddcabdbd  ababaccac acddbccba c cbbcdcda
 ccbcddccd da dadbaba dabbdadcc ccc dddbcc dcbbbbbbb ccdc dbaad dbdcadaad dadbb adbc aacbdaaa
d aabbdd bdc cdbbadcbd dabdbbb da bacabdaba bbcdadda b daadbacbc cdbdcbacc  ccaacaabd abcbbcc
dd a dadcdbba ccdaddccc cc cbacbda acdacccca dcb ccdbbc badacadbc badc accad acbbdabaa cdbad c
baa dccdbdcab bacbbb bac bbbbbccba cbdddbc ad cdabbddaa adccdaac a cdadbbdcc abdcbaccc  daabd
acbd accdcdabc d cbccdadb babbabbab cc baadbca ddaccacbd bcd cdbdab bbdaadbda aaac bdcca dbab
adcab dcdbb cbca abbdbccaa dacdaa ccc adabcbdcb dbbbccd cb cbdcadbcc abddcdbd d acbbddaab dbb
babccb  dacacadad ccbcdddba d bbabbadc daabdcbad cd aadaada abbbbdaca bbb bbbbbb cacbdabad bc
bb adacc babaacaab dadca dddb dbbdaccbc dabacd bad cbbacdaba dcaccdd cb acdbbdada daabbcbb b b
acabbccd acdddbbbd  daacaacbd adadaddba c accddcdd abacccadd ac bbbdddc cdbcdbbad ccd bdbabd
 bbaabbabb bbad bcccd dccbdcddd cbbdc cbab dacdadada bbbddb bdc dbddddcaa bccbbad bc ccbbdbbd
a aaadcbcd b baacddcab bacdcaccb  dabdcbbcc dadbdbbaa c abbcdddd cadacbcca ba aacddcc dbacabb
bb bdc daccbd ccdacabad cadb acccb bbbbacccb dbaba bccb acbdbcdbd cccbcc bca bdcabbdaa daacbb
c bd bcbddcccb aacddabb b addacbcbc adcbdddba  abbdbdbdd accdccdbd c cdadbabc dabcddcad bd dca
bbdc bbdcdabca cbb aacbba dcbccdabd acdd cadcb cbacadacc bbcda daaa cbcabbccb caabaa daa dddd
cccaa aaadacc da ccdbdcccc dcaaaaac c cccacdbac adddabcab  bddadacdc baacacdaa c dbaaaaac baa
dbdcbd dc dbcdcdc daacaaddc aba aabdaa accddcabb cacc bdcbc cdbabacad abbad dadd abddaadba dd
abbc ccb cacdbadba ccdaacb db addacdcbd aabdacdd b caadbaabb bdacddddb  cacddcabd cdacadbbc d
 badcdcdc dbdaadcbb ad abbbacb cacbdbdad bdb acbdac baadabdab bbba accbc ddcbaddbb dccaa dcaa
 cbcdacddc acbcdd cda bdaabccab dddcabd dc daabcadca cbdbbcad c addddadbb bcbddddab  ddababad
a bacabbdda c cacdddad ddbbddadc da ddacccb dcaaaccab ddd adabab bbcadcddc abab ddacd cdcdcba
dc ccadb dbbd aacbdccba cdbbdb cdc daadbbbcb bcddbda ca dbaababba bddbcdbb b aabbbccdb babbad
cad  ddaaacdbb dbdbdcbad d cacdbbbb adcbcddbc cc cccccbc dcbddcccd bdc abbcad dbbaccacb bbab c
aadc bccadbcdc cadbc dcdd baccbbddc acadbc aad abaadbdaa bbabdaa ad adbaacccb aaddcbbc a dadc
bacbd bbbabcacc  dacabbcda badcccaca c adcdabbc baaacdcaa ba adbcaab abddddbca acb aacddc bac
adddab bacb cabcd accbdccba caadb adcd dbcbacaaa bcddab aca addddddac adddcdb cd babdcdbcb da
cbdaad b cacaccdbb addbacdcb  aacabcbdc ccaacccca d bcaddaab aadbbdbaa cd cdbdaab bbbaacabb d
dd abdbac dddddccbd bada bbdba bdbbdadbb ddbba addb cbabdbadc dbabda dba bbbbacbdc adbbddd dc
 abbabcadd aaadbcbc b bcccccacc abbbcddbc  bcdcdcaad bccdddcdb b acdacbac abccbaccc cc aaabdd
d ddaccbcaa cbb bdadba aaccaadab dabc cacdc adddcaadc dcacd accd dcbddbabb bbaadc acc adcdcdb
db aabcbad ba baacdabbd babcbcac a ddcabbaba dbbabcbab  cabcbcaba acdcbbccd b dbcdcdab bdddcc
bdc cb cacccdb ddcbabdaa ddc dbbccc babdbdacb bccb dcdaa dcbbcdacc dbbac cdac caaadabca cacbb
b cac bcdbbabcb aaccbdb ac cacdcdaad adacdcba c cdbdbbddd aadbcbcbc  ccaaaadba ccaadddbb c dbc
dbcba ccdbadbda aa adbcabb addddacba dbc acccac dbabaaadb ddcd baadd dacbcbdab caaac abdc ddb
bdbdbc ccabca dca babaadabb cacbdcc db acaddacdb bdddadad d bdabdbdbb cacccacba  dcacdbdcd ba
adddbbc c dadbbbcb cbdadbcdc bc adddbda badcbdccb abc adcaca cadccaaca cbaa adadd cacbbbaca d
caac ddca dbaadcdbd abcdcd aac ddacbabdd abdccaa ba cbbdccddd bbdbcaab b bddabcadd adcabcabb
  caaacadbd abbdbbabb d cabbdbcb dcacdacac cd aabcbcc ddabccdbd dcc adabbd adaaaacda cccc cbdd
c dcbacdabd baacd bcda daabaadaa dcadda aad cabcdabda ccbcddb ac acabddabc cccaadbd d cdcdadb
db adccbabac  badddbccc cbaabacdc a baaacdda dbbabcbba ad acbbaba acddcccab bab badaca bbdaab
dac dbad cbdbd bdbacbaac cbaad ddca bcdbadbba bdddda aba cbddabbdc adadbca bb cccdbbbda cbbbc
baa d dabdccbba cacdaacda  bcaadbcdd bbcaaaaaa a cddcaabb daadddcdb da ccccdbc cccddccdc abb d
cbada cdccccccb abdb ddbbb dacbdcaad bbcbc bbbd cbadccbca adabba bcb cadabbbcc ddacadb cc acb
cdabba caacdccc d ccacccadd cdcacddbd  daaccbdca ddacccaac b aaacadbb adcbbddcc dc cddbdca db
bcbccad caa dbaccb ddccbbdac bbca dbcaa abadcabda ddaac bcbd daadabaad cbadcc bbb baaadbabb a
cabbbb dd baddbddba acbdadbd c cdaaacddd acdcdccad  baadaaacc bcdcacbcb a cccadbbb adcbacbda
 dc bdaddba caddbbdca cbb adaccd acdbaccbb bcac bdabc dcdadcada cdcaa bcbd cdacdaacc bccdbb cd
d bcaabcdad adcbcad ab cbccabccb dbdadbcb a bbbacbbbd caacdccaa  dddadbbaa dcaadaccd c dccacc
cb abcdcadcd cd dadabdb ddaaaadda cdc cbcabd dcabcdbdb adad dacad dadbaddcb aadad abdd ddbbcd
daa dadbab dbb daaaccadb dabddbb cb dbbbbcaaa bdaddcac a bbbdcbccc bddbababc  daabcabab baccb
dbdc d ddbcdcac cddacbdbd ba ccdabab ddcdcbbdc cda babaaa bdbddbaca adab bdccc daadbbddd cdcb
b bbdb dddcdbabb dadcdd bcd dabdacbda cdcdcac ab dbbcccadd dccccabb c cbbdabdbd cdaaccacd  ccd
adcdcc cadaaddbc b ddbbbaca cbcabaacb cc cdaacca dddaccbcb ccb ccdcad adbacddda acbb bcaba bb
ddcdabd ccddc dcbb adbdacaad bdabca bba cbcbbdbdd bbbdbca cd badbdbdda bcbbabcc a ddccbaada b
ccbacadb  bdcabcbba daadacbbd b bddaabba dccbabddc ac bccbadc abbabaaaa acb cbccba ccaabdaad
 cbcd acdab bcbacadac bdbda babb abdcacdac abccbb cbc aadaaaacc bdaddba ab abcadbbcd aaccbbaa
 c accbcaccb cbcbdddad  ddaccbddb bccdbcdda d ababdddb addbdccbd ca aadddab ddbbdaddb bac dbdc
db ccddbbdac cabc cdbcd cbbaaabdc cacbd acab caccaaabb ccbbda bcb aadbbddca ddacbac ba badaba
dda daddccbd d aaccdbccd ccdcabaaa  ccbbccdca daadcddbb b adbacacd acdbdbcdd ab dcccccc bcadc
cdda ccb cadbba bbbbbbccd abdc bcbaa acaaabbcb dbaab dbbc bcabbabcc ccabad dcc cbdaacaac cccd
dab db dadaccdaa ddbcddcc a bcbbdabbb ccdbbcdcb  abddbacda aadccdddd c bdabcaab ccddadbdb db b
baddad bdaadcdca acc dacbcb badadcabc cacb aadbb cbcbababb acdbd cdcc cabacdacd cddadc cdd bd
bbdcabd ddcacbd aa ccbcacbcc ddbbcacc a adbddcaba dadbabcac  bacacbdca dccbaaadd d ddbdbdcb c
cbaaccdb cc acccacb cbbccabdb dab ccbbac accaaccac daaa bcbdd adcbbacda cdbbd accb dadababbd
 dacacb dbb aadcccdbc bcaccdb cd addcaddbb dbabcccd d bbaadccaa aabccbdcd  abaacadbd bdadddab
c b acdcdacd dbbaddcad bc aabbcbb cbbcaaada dad dacbba ccdcbcbdc aabc bcadb addbadbaa dcada da
ca cbacccddc daccad cda bbbdddcbb dbddccc aa addbcbacb ddcbcaba c bdacbadbc babaaaadd  bdadad
adb ddaabcccd c cdadbdda abcdaacab dc dadccbd dbbcdbbdb cca bccdcb dddcbccac ddca baccd caccd
dbcc bbcba cabc acdbdcbaa abaccd ddc bbbabbcab dbcbada ba dabcdcdda dcbbcdad a caacbbcdb ccac
adabd  ccbcdccbd aabadbccd b aadabbcc ccbbcaabd da abadbda aabcbabbc dbc cacdca adbdbaccc aab
a dabcd cccbbbdca bbddd bcba addbddaca cdbaaa aba adbbbacdd abacacd ba bbaadbbcc cddabdbd b db
bccabbb adbdaabcb  bdadbbdca abdcccddb c badbcbad dcdcdbbca cb bddacbd ccdbadaba cdb dbdaad d
cadbcbba bbab cdccd acbbcdabc baadb ddac adbbaacaa dbbbca bba cbdbcbbbb ccddacd ba bddbcdada
 bcbabdcc a ddddadacd dadabbaba  acbbccacb bbdaadcba b abaaadab ddcadcbdc bd abcacda aacddada
d dda cdddcb daaccccda cadc dcadb bdbadabca ddbdb bbad abcbadbaa dbdbbd bcb dbbbcdaad ccccdbb
 bc dbaddadba adcddabc b badabdddb dcccbdaba  aaccabaab ddbcbbcac a bbaaabab aaccbccbd ad bbcd
caa acaaababb bda caacaa bddbbdadd bada acbcd bacabbccb abbba acab bbccccaac bbcabb baa dbada
abad acdaacd ad bacdbaddb bddcbadc a cccbdcdad abacacacc  adabdcbdd dcabcccbb c cdcccddb cdad
dadbc bd dbcadbc cacdbdbcb dbc adacda dbbbaacba abdc ccbcb cbcbbdcad cbbdb dbcd bdacdaabc cdc
cbc dcb bdcddbdab bbdacaa cc ccccccabb cadaabda c cabcdcbcc dacbdbddb  dabbcacda cbdcaddda a d
babdada aaddaccad dd dcdabcd acabacddc dca ddcaad acaacbbbb dbca bdabd aabddcbab bdadb cbaa a
dacadbdc aaaacd abc ddabdadad cabaaaa aa bdbbcbcbb cddabdbb c acaadaddc aaadcbadc  bbabcaddc
 acccccbdc d bcacddbd dadacdcdd bc dcabcdb cbaacbacb dbd bbdaaa abcdccabd baca bdada aadacccb
d dacca abdd bcaaabdcb cadaab ddc bdccaadbb aabccaa bb dabbccddc bccbdaac c aacdbcbdb cdbaabc
cc  abcdddcad adccdbddd d cbcaadcd bbabcdddc aa ccadabb aadcbcbaa bdc cacbaa baaaabcda bdcc db
dac caacdaabc bcdbd cacb cbabdbcdb abddcb aaa cbdddaccc cbbcaab cc abaababab aaacbaaa b bbbad
cabd bddccdddc  dbcdbccad bbdcccdbc c dcdabcad ccdcdbcdd ca aadccac ccdacdada bda dbdcca cccb
bcbaa dbac accab badaccdbb dcdcc adbb bcdddcdba bbccca cab adcacadba addcdda bb bcdcbcbda ada
adccb a acadddcda cbdbdddbd  bacaacada dbadbacbd c bdcaccdc ddcabadcb da cbabaab ccbdcacca da
c dbbdad abcdbabcb cbbc ddbac baadaaacb ddcaa cbad bbbababcd bdabad caa cbdbababd dbcbbdb cb b
dcbdaacd bdaabaca d acacddbcd cdcdccbbc  accadcdcb daabaacdb d dbabcbab bdaacdada ba bddadab
 bdbcdacad bca cbdbcc dcccaddda ddab bdcdb dcacdcbdd dddcb ccbb ccdbbdccd dcadda bab cdacbbaa
b dabaaad ca adcaaacda daabaaba b aadcacdda dadcaaadb  cbddbacac cbaaadcdb a baccbbdd bbbbaad
bb bb adcdbdd acbacaaca cbd bbdadb accddbaab cccc abbbd abcdbbbab dadcd dacc cdaadcccb cabaca
 dcd bdcbbcdca bacadab cb bacbcabdb cbbcbbbd b dbdaaabca dcccdbcca  aadccbabb babaccdab d dcab
adab acaadaaaa cd accabac cbddcaadd aad ddcaad aabbcbdad cabc ddabc bdabbadac cbdbc cdcb bddb
aadbb cddbab dac ccacacdca bcbdacd ba cccdccaaa bcdabcac d ddddbcbbc daacbacdc  cdbbcccda cdd
dcadbb b adacbbcd cbcbcaaac ab cadaaaa dbdddbdca dca acabad dddacddcd babd dccdb cadbdbadc bb
cdc cacc aabcacacb aabdac abc adaadbbaa cdcdcca da bbabcbdad cacabcad d bdacbabbc dcdbbccbc  d
dcdaddca abbabddcd b caadabbc dbddbcdba cd dccaadb daacbdbdc daa bddcbc cdadcdddc cdbb cbaad
 abcbddcda ddbaa dbcb baaaaadbc abcdcc bca cabddcbbc adcdcba dd daabdbbdd bdbbdadc a abdddabd
d cdbcdcbba  dbcddabcd adadaaddb c ababaccb caddaaddc bc bacdcac bcadcacbc dca daaaaa dddbaab
ad babb dbcba bddaccbcb dbccc dcbb adcbbdcdc abdbdd cac cdcdbbbcd adbcdaa dc bdcaccdda cbccac
aa b abcadddbd cbadaacdd  adcdcbcdc bdadbacdd b accdabab dbcacbcbb ba cdccccb dcabbdaca add ba
dbcb cdcbadbbd bbac dcbaa baabcbdbc acdaa dada cccdacddc bbacbc dca dbbadabbd cdaabbb db ddab
adbbc cdddbbad d aababcbcd adbcbcdba  addbdbacb bcdcddcdb c adcbaaaa aabadbaaa cd dbbcabb dba
ddcaab bdc babcdb abaaadabb cdcc cbbbb addccbbbd dcbdb caad aacaabdda cdddba adc ddbadcccd ad
bcbaa cd ddacccbcc dcabcacb b daadadacc abadcdbdc  badabccca abdcbbcab d cddababb dcbabdaab c
c cbadaca bddadcbda cba dbcaba baddcadda acaa cbdad cddacaadd bbbaa bbab ababcadab dcbcbd bca
 abacaddba bbbdbdd ca bbcadacbc bdddddcd a caaacadcb dbcdbbdca  ccdcdccbb bccbabcda c badcbdc
b acbcbdbcc ac bbaadbb ccdbbbbcc cdb dbbdac cbddacaac bcdd dcbdc aabdcddcc caaca ccbb bccadbb
bc bcaacb bca addcddcda adccdda ab cdcbddcdc abdcdcad b aabcdbcdd addadcacc  badadccda bdabaa
dac b cacccbbb bdbbaaada ba ccbdbac cacbcadbb aba bddccb bcbdbddad cbad cbbca cddabcabd bdbcc
 bbda dbadcacbc dbbdba cca dccccdddd babbdca da ccbcaaaba cbbacbbd c ccdcbdbdc ddcdacdbd  aadc
ddaab dabdbbbbb d cdbadbab dacbccacd cd cbcacdc cdcdabdda dcc cbcacd dabaddcdd cbcc ddcaa dca
aaaccb abaaa ddbd adcddaddd abccab dca dbaabbbdd aadbdbd ab aaddaddca cccbccda a daadccbbc bb
cdabacb  cdcbacddd bcdcdbbad d abaabaab acaabcacc aa dbdadac bbaadbdad aaa dbcada bbadbabbb b
caa dacaa dcbacbcba adcdd daab bababadca ababbd bbb accdcbbbd aaabcab ac daccbadbd accbbabb d
 bacacaccd ccbaaddbd  baaaaabaa bcadbacaa d adacbbcd adabcbabb cc ccdcabb bccbcacda dac cddba
b ddccdacaa cbab addba abbdaacab ccadd bbba aaabcaadb ddcbad bcb bdccadaba aaacaac cc cccbcba
cc bbdcadab c bdaddbabd ccbcaddbd  abaacbcdd acbacaccc d dacaabcd addddaadb bd bcdcdcd adaabb
aad cca cadcaa bbaccaaad daab bcdda cabbccdaa daccd bbcb bcabbadab dabdaa cab bdcbdcbaa cdaab
aa ac dbdcbabab dabcdada d dbbdcabdc bdbbdadcb  cbaaabddd bbdbccacc a dbaccbcc aabbbcbad ab dd
bacba cbddadcac cda cdbaaa bbbbabbcc addc aacdb baacdcdca ccdcc acdc addbccbab bcaaad ccc cdd
abaddb aabbbad ca baabbaaca bcaacada a cdbdcdabc adcaaccdb  ddbcbbaac ccdcdbaaa d cacbcabd db
badaacc bd dcadbac acdcadcbb adb ccbcac bccabdccc bbdc caabc acabadbca cbddb ccca cabacbacd b
daada bbc adcaabcdb bbabaad ca acbabdddc bdcadcad b adcbbddcb cadccbbaa  baabcaabc bbbdcadbc
 a addbcdac dccaabccd bd acadaad badcbcbca abc ccbbca aacaabddd abbc ccaca ccbcdcdab ccbac cab
c ccaddaaab abbdbd ddc ddbdcdbaa cbbbdad ac dccccdabc bcaadddd b cdbcaadaa abaacbcbb  bbccbdc
ca cadcdccdb c babaabbb cbaadddab bb acbcccc dccadabdb cac abcada dbdddbcca cbab dcbdc adbbdd
cda babad abcb acbdddcdb acbdca cbc bdbccbcdb addbdbc bd bcdacbcba bdabdacb c ddcadabca ccbdb
cbdd  bccababba aaddadaba b dbcdcdcb ddbbbdacc cd abddcaa addaabaca aac dddbda caaaabbdc bdcc
 adbad abdacacac dccab daac caddaddcb dcbaaa acc cbaddcaca ddaccac cc abbdaaddc dddacbdc a bad
bddabb addaccbcc  bddcadaac aaddbdccc c bdcdcacd abbcddbac dc cbbdcba dcadddccd dcc abbacc cc
dbadbad ccbd dcdbb dcbdbddcc ddcbb acca dacbcacdb ddacda cda bcabdbcba ccbbadd da bcdbadccd a
ddcadbd d dabcbbcdb cdbccbbbb  dcbdccbac adddcbbcc c bcbdddca ccdbdbbdd cb cbbcbaa acbaccddd
 dbd abbabd bdbabacdd abdc dabac cbadcbacb caabb ddcd cdbddbddd adadbd aad ccdadcbab bbcbbdd d
d dbabbdbdb dccbdaaa c dcdbdbadc dbcababdc  daabcbdbd cbbbdabcc a dcaacbdb bbdcaabac da cddba
cc bbbdadcca bca cabcad cdaabaada bacd cdccb ddddddaad cabcb bccc cbdcadacd acdbac caa abaaaa
dbb dcdbacb bb ddbcdadab bdcbcbdd c bdcabbdda bbbcdccdb  dbcccacab bacdbddbb d babbccbd bbaad
accc ad dadddbb abbbddadc cab bcbbad abaaaabca bdca dcabb dbcdcaabc ccbcb acbb adbcddccc ddda
bb cca acaddbdba cdbcdbb bd daccbdbcb ddcadcad a cbbbbcacd adbdadccc  badaadaab baadabcad c bc
cdaadd cdcddbcbc cc aacbacc cbbdbbadb bdc adbabd ccdcdaadd dacc abccc aabababaa badab caac aa
ccbadba accddd dcc addacaadd acbcbba aa cddacbaac dcddacbd c bcdcacbda dcabdbada  cdcabbdcd d
bbcbbabd a dcaaacad caacdbcac ab bcbbddc dbcbbccaa cdb abbdac dbcaabdab dbca bddbd dccddabbb
 dddbd bdcb abdadddad dcccab dcc bbdcbdcdc bddcadc ab cbdaabccb aaaadcdb b cbbabbdab cacbbbdc
b  dddbadaad ccabcdcad c dbdadbcd ccabacabb dc cdcadcd daaaaacdd abd cdbbad bcdddcdbc bccd daa
cb cadcacbcd cdabd bcbb bcbcaccdd cabcca dac daccdabab acdcdda cd babbdbcac accbadbc d badcbd
aba babbabbcc  caabaaaaa bcddbbdac d dadacddb bbacdddac dc badcbbb adccbaacd cdb baaaba ddadd
baba cbdc acacc daccddbdb baaca ccdd bacaccaad cbaadd bbb cacbacbdd dabccdb bd ddadbadcd babd
cbdd d daadcbbba dbccaccca  dbdccbadb adcccdbcc a aacbacbd acdbbabda ba ccbbcba cabcadcbc cbd
 bbcacb aaaadcbcd dabb dbcbc abbabbbcc cabcb cdcd acbcbacaa babbad dbd bbbccddbc cbabcdc ca ba
bddccac dcacbadc c bcdaaddbb dbdccabdc  ccdacbbaa ccacabddd b acaccbab bdabbabcc db cdcbcdb d
ddadccda aaa baaccc cadbadbaa bbad ccada abcdacdbb cccab bcda daaacdccb bcabbd baa bdcbdacda
 abdaadb da dbdbaabdc baaacaac a acababbbc aabaaabac  dcaddbcac bdabcbada c cdbcabac adcbabcd
a db aadaada abadaabcc cad ddacdd ccababcda caab dcaad adcacacdb acbcc ddad cabaababd cbcdab c
ab adadbadac bbcaddb cd daadcdabd ccdccacc c cbbdbcbab adacdcabb  accdadadc ccdbccbbb a cbcdb
cad aaaccdccb ac dbddaaa baaabadad abc abbcbc bddbdaddb cbcd cdadc cdbcbddba babba cbbc bdabd
adcb aacddd dac abccbaccc cdcdcab ba dbbddbdbd dddbaacc d aaaabacdd daddbbccc  adcdaabbc dccd
ddaab b abdbbbab cbdadcada ad bbabccc bbcaabdbc dcb dbcbdb aabbabdac ddca caddd dabbaacad bab
cc cbdc dacaabbdc dcbcda daa bbbadcaac bdaccdc aa dabdbcdac cbcaddab c babaadccd bcdbaabab  cc
dacdcac dbddbaacd c baddbcda dccbdbbbc bd aacbada bdaacddbb daa bcccba bcbbadcaa dbab cabca a
baacaada cdddc adaa bbaddcdbd accadc acd abcbddddd daacdbd dd bacccabcc bdbcbccd b dcddcbbdc
 bccbbacba  acadadcaa cbdacbcaa c bbaccbdd cdccbdadc ad aadacba ccbabbbda cbd ccaadb dbbbaaba
b cacc ddccd dcadabaca dbcbb cbcd ccbccbddb baaacb adc cdcdaccad dbdbbcb da caabcabbb bcbabda
a b bccdddbdc daabadacd  dbdbabaab daaaaddac b ddcabbdd bdcdccaca aa cbacbbd aaaaaccda ddc dca
dcd cdccddadc ccbd dcadd cadbddbac ddaca bacd ddcadbdaa abbdad caa dcadddccc adabcbb da ddccc
cdbb ccbbdbcd d ddbdcadcb caabcccbc  bacdaddbb adabbbbad b cbcbcdad bbddbddbc da bbdcaac acda
ddbdc ccc bdacbd cbccbdbba dddc aacad dacbccdaa cacbd bcdd aadbbcbdd bbcaab ada cbcddadbc bad
bcdc aa aacaacaad caccdcca c bdbbbcccd bbdbbbcdb  bdcacaddb bbbacdddc a cabadbad dcdcdadaa cb
 cdadadb acccdcddc cbd bbabda adabdcbab dcdb dcbbb cdaadcdad cabcd abcb caddaacbd bcbdbb bbb d
badbabcb dcadcad ab baccddcab babbddaa b ccdaaaadb ddabcbbdd  cabdacdaa ddaaaaddc b dabdddda
 dbdbabacb cd bddcbdd adbadcacc cdd babbdd cdadcabbd dbcb ababd bdcbbbcbc cdbcc cbdd dcbacacb
b dbbabb cdb dbccdabac cbdddca dc abacbdacc bbcccbda a ccbdbadbc adadabddc  bcbddacdb bcdacbc
bb a dadaccdb cbbadbbcb cc acaccab dbbcbbdad cad abacad caadcbacb ccad cdacb dbbaaabda bddad c
bbd ccaaddadd dcabac ccc caabadaab bbccdaa cb dadbccada ccabddda c babbcadac abbdcdbba  badaa
cddd bcacdabbb d aadcdcab adbcbbbdb cb abccdad addbcddac daa dacaad adbaacacd cdcd bdcba acca
aaaaa cabbc acab cdcaacbdd abcaaa bdd bcabcabca bdaaabc ba ccaddadcb caadaaac a baccbbbdd bdd
cddddc  bcadbbdab cadbbcbba d aabbcdaa dbaccdbba dc abcddcd abdbcabba ddb caccab ccddbdacd bc
db aabcd bcdbbcdac adbda bbad cdbaddaac abdcdc adc cddccdcbb acaabac ac cbadacddd bcbbdabd c b
daacddad abbbcadcc  baccdadbd abbcbddcc b baadbaad ccdcdddda bc abdcdbb bcccdadda abd adacdb
 dcabdacdb dbca bdaad dbbccdaac dbdab dcab acdcbbacb bbdcab bdd ccbaddaaa bbcbdcb db ddbacddc
c accdcada a aadadbacd bccccabdc  ddbbacdab cbcbdacbc d ddcdacba acddbcbdb dc dbaabda ddaacbb
cc adc cddbca bbdcaabad dadc caaad abdbcbcdd dbcaa abdd ccaadcccd cabbac dcb acacabdcd ccbdac
a bd adbcbdbaa dcddbdac d ddcdcacda aadcbbdad  adacccbda adcdbdbaa a daddaadb cdddacdba dc bad
acbb aacdbbbbd abc bbbcbb cbcddbcbd caad acbdc cdbaacdac dcdcc ddbc acaabddda cbcbad bcd cadc
bcdbb cbbbbba da dbaadbccb dbdaadac c acabaccca adccdbcdd  cadabcddc bacadbcba a acddacaa cdb
ddaccd cd bddbcac caddcaadd bcd dbbbad ccbaadaab caab bdaac ddbdaaddd abaad abba bdbacdbda bb
dbda acd bccbdbbcb bdbadcd cd ccbabdcda aabcccad d dcaabbbdb aaacacbda  bacacbabd abdbbbcbd b
 accacaad addbaadbb bd adcbdcd bbdcdadbb dbb daddab ccabcbdbc bcdb cdada cbccaabaa dcaba dcbb
 adadadcdb aacdbc add cbccadccb adccbda ca bcdcaccad abccbabc d dbcbadbba ddbaddddd  bbbbdaba
c bcabddcaa d cacbcbcc bbcabbcbd dd ababacc aadddbabb bdd babcba dcaccadda ccaa abdad cdcbcab
db aaacb cddc ddddadbcb addacc cba bbbbacbdd cbdadaa aa dcdbadccd abcdaadb a caddddbcd abdbcc
aba  bcdbcdbba daccddbdc b bbdcdcda cbdcadbdc ba aacabda abacacdba daa bdbacb dadbddadd abbc d
dddd cdbbcdbac ccdca cccd adaadbada dcbdaa cab dacdbccab aadcabb aa dccadabdd acbcabca d cacb
babda bbbdbcbcb  bababaacc dbdaacdad b baccdacb bbbaaacab bc cbdaaca bdababdbc dbb bcbbdb cbc
cabbbb ccca abdac adbadcccc bddbd abda cacabcdda babbdb ddb aaccbbdcc badaadd dd dbadaacda dd
adcbad b baacbacdc bccdcdddb  cddccdacd aadcdaaac a cadabbcc bddcaccda cd bbccdaa bacacbbdc a
cc acbdca bcbcdacad bdcd dbaca aabbbcdad bddca cdad bcacacbca aacdbb cba dabadccbb bbcddab ad
 cbcbacccb acbabccb b bacaaacdc cbaaccbca  abaaabdba abbdaaabb a aacbacdd daddbcbcc bb cbcbda
b dccbccada ddc babcdd ccbbbccbc abbd abbcb caccccabc cddda dbdd abdccccbd cabbcc cca ddcbdbb
ab dcbaaab ac abcdaabac dbadbddc b bcadabdad bcbcdbdaa  daddccaad cdbcddcdc d aaddbbbd bcdcac
ccb cc aacdcdd cddbacdda dab aadaba abaacbaba dbdd bcccc dcdddbadc dbadc cadd aadddddda daaac
c bad ddbddaccc dcadcad dd dcbcaacbd cdcdaaac b bdbaaacac bdccccabc  dcaaabacc dccbabbaa a baa
cacda bccaaccad aa bacdaca bbcacdbad aad bbabdc baadddcad bbdb dcddc adababbbc cbbbc cdba dad
bbbaac dbcacd ddb bcccaccca cabdada bc bcdcbbcbc dbaadaba c adcbccabc bdacdcbaa  cacdabaac cb
dbaaadd b accdcdcc adaadccdd bd abaaddd bdbccacca aad dcddbb abdcacdda aada baccd acaaacdcc b
baaa ccbc abdadbdda ccacbb ada cbbdbaccd cbacccd cb abbccddab bbbcdacd c dbcbbccdb dbccacbad
  cbccabbac dcacbbbcb c ccdccaad ddccdadcb dc bdcbcab aaccddcbc ddb bbcada abaaacdab dcad bbdb
b abbbaabdc bcdbd cccc bdabcabcd cbccad dac bdaacccac caadbcb ba cdaddbcac cdbaaccd c cccddab
bb aaadabccc  cdbccbcba bbbabbdaa d adabbabb abbdacbaa ca bbbdcdc aacbcadbb cba dcabca dbcbbb
ada aada cdbac dbadbaacd ddcbc cdba dbdadabdd acabbd bac caddcdcdd dddadaa dd accdacacb aadcb
baa d abacccccc baddacabd  bbdabbaad dbbcddbda b acbcddaa abbcbdccb bd dbbbbdd adddbdcba baa c
ababd accaabadc bddb bacba cabcdaadb bbdad dcbb adcdbcabc acdbdd dbb bbccacbdb accdabb ab acd
cdadca cdcbcdcd d dcbdccabd ccbcbabaa  cbcacacbc daacaabab a ccccddcd dcabacaba dd adcacba da
bbdbdbc cdc bccabd bacdaccac bbbd daacd dcdcabdcd ddccb dabb adbbbccbd dcaadd adb dcbbadbbc c
dacbcb db bdcaadadb dacbbbad d cadcccbac dbababdda  bcaddddca addddbadc b badbcada acddaabdc
 bc dbddabd dcbdcbcca bda adddba baadccabd bcbb cbaad ccdcbcada caabb ccda aadcbccbb bbaccc dc
b ddabcbaaa adcadaa ab adbcabddd bcdcbcca a aadcdcdac cdaabcbca  bbacadcbb bcbacadcc b bdadbb
dd bbcaddcdc ba cbcbbdd dbddaaabd acc abccbd cbccdabba adad daacb aacacccdd adadd adbd acdadd
dca acbaaa ddd adcabacca badcadc ab bcacabbcc caccabdb a cadbdcdbc ddbccaacc  dddbdbddc cacdd
dcab d aacdabab cdcbccbdc cb acdacad accadcdcb aab cbacbd babbdbddc dbcc cbdbd baddcbabd bbcc
b baad cccdaacbd bdbccb bba dacccacca dddbdcc bc cdbdacdcc daaadabc b ddbcbbcad bccabaada  bdd
bbddac acdabdccc d daacdcaa bcdbcbdcd aa dcabdad bccadccdb cbc dbcccc acddbacbc dddd cbbab bb
daabddc bacbc bdbb cbdbcbdcc abadad aca dadaccabd ddbcdbb ca cdbbacdaa abcabdbb a dbddcbcdc d
dbccbdcc  dcacbccbb cccbcbcda c aaaccccd bcabdbbcd db bccacab addbbdaad bab accdcb caacddacd
 bcbc abacb adaadcbdc babcd ccab accdacaad caabbd aba ddacddcca dddcacd ca daadbccac cbadbaad
 c cdcacadca bccbbdaab  cccccbcbd dcacdccba d abccbdda dcddaacac ad bcbcddb badddbada abc bcab
bd ccddabdab dcbb cabad badbaabcc bdbaa acda cccdcccab cbbdac dbc abcaacabc bbaaddb bc cbbdaa
dbb baccaaab d dbabccbdd cabcdbdcc  daabcccad acddbcbba b bacdbdab baccabbcb ad adacdad dbabd
cdda daa baccaa dbcbcdaad cbab addaa ababcabbb aacca aadb caddcaacb acbddd cbc caadddddc bbbd
bdd bd dccdbdada dbddbadd c dbdbcabca dcaababdc  dbdabacdb bababbdda c baccdada cbbdcaacc bd d
bdaada ccccdaadd aac cabbac cadabcccc bacd bcdcc aabdcacda cacbd acbc adaacadca cadbad ccc bc
bbcacab dddbabc aa daadbdbad caccacdd d adbbdbdba acabcadad  bddbbaaad bcaadaccd d bdadacdd d
bbadbcdb bd ccddbba ccaadbddc cdb ccbbcb badbbbbbc bacc dcdcd bacaaddbd cccbc daac abdaabbda
 ddccbd ccb cbbbaddad bcccddd ac dbbccdddb bbadbaaa c acdabacbd dcdcddacd  cdaaabdcd ddbcdaaa
a b bcdcbbaa daaccaaaa ca aabbddc dcbcbdcba adb accccd cdbbccbca cdbc dbbda dbdbcadbb aacab bd
aa abacdddca bbdbca adb bdddcdaad adbabca ab cccadbcbb cbadbadc a aaabddaca badaaabbd  cbcbcb
dad cdbbbdadc d ddabddca abaababdc bc baabdba daaddbcad bda dccaaa bcbbddadd cbbb aaddd dadbd
dbdd dbdaa bbcc badbccdcc cddaba aac cbacbdada dbacaad ab cbcadaacb dacabcac c ddcbcdbbc accd
abbbd  bdabbcadd ddadacbab d bccdbcdd adabbccbd da adacbac cbcccaaaa adc cbabaa cdccabbcc dba
c daabc bdadbbbbd aaabb cdcd dcaadbdad adbaba bcb aabbabcaa cbbbdcb da acdcabbda cddaccbb c ca
bcabada bbddbadcd  dccccbaaa bacacaada a bcccbcab ccdadddcb bd ccbccad bcabcdcbb abd bbdbaa b
dacbdddd bbac adbbb ddccddccc bacda daad cdababbad abddca bcd cccaabdbd cabadcb ad bbddbccbc
 accbadbd a abbccadab dcbcccaba  dbddbbdab adcbddddb b dbbcdbbc ddadcdabd bb accacca bbdbaaaa
c bcc dcaaca acddbccda acda bacbd baddbdbbb bdcdb ccdc dabbabddc daacbb abd ddcabbcab cbcaaab
 ba daababcbc adbaccad d baabbabca abcdbcaac  dbadcbacd acbacddbd a dcccbddc aadcccadd cc dacc
bcb cacabcdad adc bdcddc bcbbacadc adac bdaca daacdccda aabcc dcdd adccacdca cbadcc adb acbcd
bcad cbcbbaa bd bbdddbcaa aacdcaaa a cdaccdddb addacccbc  aabcdbadd bbdbdddab b cdabbdba cdda
adbac da dddcddb dcdadcacb cdd abdbdc aaabbcaca bbac bcaad dbcdacddc cbabd bccb dabcbadda dcd
aac baa dbccbcadd acddcdb bd cacbdabac dbcdcbba a dbbcdddcd cdaaaccdb  cdbaddbaa dbddbcdcb d d
abddbdd dacbdbbbb db dcbdbbc bdabdaadc dcd daacaa cdcdabdca bbdb caddc caabcadca abcbc aacd a
addaabaa cacbcd bca dacadaaba aaacabc bd dabcaacdb ccaaabdc b cddacbcaa dddabbaaa  adcaddabd
 cdddbaddd d dacaccca dabcdccaa ca dbbbbad bcdbbabda dcb bcaddd babdddccc bddb dacac bbddcaaa
a dadba bbab ddcbbddda adacdd bdc adaaabbda dbcacab cc dccdacddb bcbddbad a cdaaabacd bbababb
bc  abdcccdbd cbcdadaca a accbaabb cabccaabd cb ddabdac bdcabcbcb dcd aaccab bbbbcdccd abdb cb
bcb dbddbcbbc ddcba ccbd cbdacccab dddbcd ddb dcdbbaabb bccbaac db ccddbcccd dabbadbc b bbcdd
caba bbbdddbbb  cdbabcbba bbbcddbbb d ddaaabcb cdbaabaab ac bdcbabd aaacdadda dab bdbabc ddda
bdcbd dadb bbaab dddddcadc bbcdd abab cdcaccadc caaddb bca cabbcbabd aadccca cc bcaaccaab aba
acaad b adacdadba ddbaaadad  dadaacadd dccdcbada a acadcbbc aabcadcaa ad dabbcbb acadacdca ab
b cabbda cbcbadbda baca dbbdd ddcabacba dbbbc bbbd dbaabdaba addabb dbc acddadabc dbdcbbb bd d
dcccccda adabcdaa a dcadcdabd aadcadbcc  cbcbabada babdddbca a bbbcaabc caabcdcdb dd ddbbabd
 bbddbbaad aad bbbdab bddcadcaa dbca acabd adaacdbba dcacc acca ccbaabccd dabccd add ddaddaba
a accdacc bc caccbbbcb aabaadaa b ddcabdddc abcdbcdcc  bcddbabdb dddadbbad d dbdddaca cddacbd
cc ab bbbcaad bacbddbcd abb aaddcc bdcbdbbcb ddcb ccaab adbdcbadd bcacc ddbd acacadbbc aadccd
 aac badcacdcb bcadbdd db abbaaaadd baaabcbb c cddcaacdc dbbdacacb  bddadabac aadbcbccd d dcab
aaca dbabddadb bb dbcbdbb acbaabacb cbc bcddbb bacddddad aada aadaa ccdbcbaad dadab cbad bddc
bdcdd accbbb dad aadbcbbcb dccdbac ad cacbacdbd dbcdddda d dccadabab dabccabdd  acadccdaa dcc
bcacbd c bacaadbd cddaadcaa da cdabbba bbddadbdb bdb dbbdda dcbabdcaa babd ddcdd cbcdcddbc bd
abd bbca abbdacddc badbcd aca bddcaabcd bcbcbbd ab bbbabbdbc dccbdabd a dabadbdad abdcbcddb  d
addbbbac cdccdabcb a adbbdadc ddbdbddcc bc ddcbaaa dbbbdadab dab caaacb cacadddaa bcbb dabbb
 addcbccba abbcb dcbd dcabacbca cccdcc dbd accbdabba bbbccdd da ddbaaadbd cdabdcaa b cacaaccd
d ccacddaac  cbbcdcadc dcabbbdba d cacddbdc addcdcbbd cc dacbdda ddcadadbb bbc cbbcbd aabdbac
ab dddc adacc cdacdacac dbddd bacb dbbcbddbb dcdbbd cbc aadadcddc abccccd aa accabbcca cbbdbd
ab d dcbddcadb cdbdadabc  dcdddbaaa adccccadb d abbabbac cddcadacb ad badbddd daabdcbbb adb ad
cddb bbbdbacdd adcd cadad aacdbbdda ddbdd abbb cccdbcaab cbdadb adb cbddcccbb ccdacdc cd baab
ababc bbaddddb d dcaddccca ababdbdda  badcdbbdd baaddcacc b abaddcca dababbdca ac adbadac ccb
dbccca acd dbdcac bcaacddda bdab ccdcd dcaddadac abdab bdac cbdcdbbbc cdcada cac ccacaaadb ba
ddcbd bb cdbaabcdd baaabadd b ccbcababd cabbdccbc  ccbbccbda aacdcbbcb b abacbddb dbbabddcb b
d cbccaab ccccaccbd dac adcaaa dabddbadc bccb bdcac adaddacab cdaad aaca abdcadaad bdbbdc cdb
 dcbaadcab cbadbbb bb cddbdcacb cdbbbbbd d dcbcdabda adccadccc  cccddcdad adbbbcbcc c bbbacbc
c bcacccbad ab abaccdd bbcacaccd aad cbdbac cbcabdbaa abdb aaadb dcaabbacc dccca bdab dbadddc
da dbadbc aad acacdbbda ddcbacc bb cadbdcbbc bacbbdbc a cadcdddbd dabbbbbcc  acacdbddd adcadb
bbc d ddbbadcc bacbcdcda ab bdbacda cbdcabbbc acd dcdbcb adadcddaa adda addca ccbdcacdb cdddd
 acda baddccdab ddbbcc dbd ddadcbdda abccadb bd baabbbbba aadcccbc a acddbdbcb adabcdacc  dbab
bbcbb bdaadaabb c cdaadadb ccccbcdda dc dbccada bdcdbccab abc bcaabb ddabcadda babb dcbdd ccc
ddbaab ccdbc dbdb bacbdcbbd daddaa ada bcabcccbd ccacbaa bd dcbaadcad bbddadca b dadbcaacd db
abacaaa  adbaabcbc bcdddbcca c bbdacaab aaccbbcbc aa daccdbc badddbcab aba cbdbac dddbcbacc b
abc cccdd dabdadbba aaacd bcaa dabaccdbd dcaaab bcc adaaccdcb acdbddb ca dcabcbdcb dbadaadc d
 baacbcdbc dddabdccb  bbdddaada acdadacdc d adccdcda dcdabbacc bc bcbbadb cabadcacc dcb cabba
b abdbbadbd ccda bcbdb cacdaccba ababb ccbb bbddddbdd bdddba dbd bbcbcdada cbbbccb bc caaadcc
cd acbdadab b bcacdbdda bdbdaddbc  cabadaabc dbcdddbaa a bcababcd bdcdcbaba ac adcaadb acacaa
cbd bba ddadaa cdadccbad acba accdb ccbabbada cbdab bbdb dbbcacaac cdbcba acd daccbbacc aacca
ad ad cdcdbbbdb acaadbdc c bacddbdad dbacdabac  cbdbcdacc ccbdbbcbb d abaddcac ccddadcab dd ca
bcddb caadbccca dac cabaca dadcbbbcb daaa dbcdd ccdbdbdbd dbccd dbad cccdbdcca adbdcb acb bab
cbadba abbdbbc bb dcdcbadcc ccddddcb b abacdbaaa cddbdbaab  bbcddbccd bdaadbbcc a badbcbbb cd
cdcabaa ab bcdcccc dacadbacb acd cdbcbb cdcbdccda cdcc caada dabadabcd bbdbb ccba acccbbddd b
bddbc cda cbddbacad abcaaba db acacbbabd bdddacac b dadaadaac abccdbdab  ccadbabab baabdaabd
 a dbabbcba dabcabcab ca ababdaa baccbabac cbd bdaabb aacadcacb dbaa addbb cbbbabcdb ababa bca
b bcabcddad adcdab aac cbcadbcbb cbdcbca bc addbaddaa cbcadbab b bdbbdcbda babbbdbaa  bbcaaad
dd abbdabbaa a abdddbda cacbbbaca da dcdbdda cbbacbcdb cda cccbbd adbbddbbb bdad dcadc daabcc
ddc dabda bcdd acdbbdacd ddacad dcc baccaacbb dbaaaba aa bcabdaadc dbbbcbad b cdabadaaa bcdcb
bacd  aabcbbdbc ccbbabcba b bdbcdbaa bbbddaada ab aaddaaa bacbabcda bdd dddbdd abdbdcada adab
 aaccb ccaadadba bcdca bbda cbdacddbd ddcdcd cad bcacdddca dcbcdda cb cddcbacca dabdbbaa d aac
bbacda cbbbcccdb  bddbbcbbc dccbbacca d babddccc ccabdcbcc dd abdadab abdbbcbab bbb ddbaac ac
bdccacd dbcb ccaaa abcbbbcab dadbc baaa cddcbbdbb baaddd ccb bdddaadad daadaca bd acccbbbad a
dacaaba c cabcdabda dadaaacbb  abbccdcad dcccdcdcc a aaccadbc bcbabdcdc bc cdddaac aadaccccb
 aab ccdbca aacbabadd cadc ccaba dbbbcabcd aacdb adda adabdacbc dbadcd dac bbabaacaa adaccda c
a ddcacccda badadcdb a addbbccab caaacaccb  abddccbac adcabcbcd a cccbcdbd bddcacdbd db ccccd
da acbabbdab cbb dccbac ddcaccaaa baba dadcb cbadadbcb bdbac dacd abbaabaab dbccaa aba cbadca
aca dcacadc bc cdccbbdbb cdacdaaa c cdddbbbbb abccccbdd  bacdbcbbb cbadbadcc b dadbbdad bbdac
bcac aa bdaabba dcadccbac bdb addcbc bdaaddacd dbac cbccc bdcadcdad aacbd acbd dbcbaddad addc
cb cbb bacdaacad cddcada db acddcabab dcddddda d dccdbbddd baccaaddd  adccbccbd acbadadad c ba
bbaccb bbdadddcc db bbdbbbc cdacabbdc ddd bccdba bbcdbabdc cdbb acdbc badccabad bdabc adcc db
bacabaa aabbaa cba ddddabccd aadcbca db dcaacdbbc cbdabcbc c dadbbdbcb ccabcaadd  bddccbbdc a
dbcccaaa d baccddbc cddbddcbd aa adadcdd dcbcdddbd add acabaa accaddadb aaba aaddb cccbdcadd
 dccab bcba cbdbabadd bcbaaa cbd dccbcdbda abdbccd bd ccbbbcacc ddaddcba b cddcdccda badcddbd
b  acdbcabca daacacbcd c cdcaabbc cbddddddb db dcbcbca dadbbbacc abd ccdbab aabbababa ccab ccd
ad dadcabcbc ddccd cdac aaaadbcdb dddbca bdd ccbdccada cdddaac ca accaccddb cacdacda b dacbda
dab abcbdbdcd  daddddbab bcddacbad c aaabccbd acdadcdbb ca bbbdaca bcbccabcb aad baadac badbd
abad bdbc bdabc caaacaacd aabbd accd bdcdddcdd abdbab acc bccdbacbb cdcbacd bc dccbabdad adab
cdda c bdbaabcca ddcaacbdc  acadbabca daccdcabb d adcddcaa bdbbdaaad dc acbbbdc cddbddccd abd
 adbaac babcbdadc addb aacca cabbbcddd dddaa badb adcdbcbac aadabc abd cdddaaaaa babbbda bb bc
cacdadc aabcbdac c ddaccccdd dbcdcbdcc  dddcbdadc badbcddcc a ccaaabbc acdbadbcd dd abdacaa a
ccdcabdd cbb acdabb bbaaadcbd dadd cbdba bacabbdbb acabd adcc abddaccda adacac dcc ddaccadda
 bbddcca db ddadcbaab bcdbcada c accabbadc babddabda  bbccbbabb ddaaadadc c bcadcdcc daacbbbd
a ad bcacbab cdbbcabcd aca bacadd bbbbcabbb ccbd dadcb cdcaacdda bcccb ddcd acccdcbcb dbdbbc b
ac aabbabdad cbcadbb aa bbcbaabaa daadddbb a dbbaacbcc ccacbcadc  babbbddbb badaadaca b adaba
ddc dabdbbaaa db dbbabba bdacdbdba acc abbadd bdcbabdab aabd acacb ccaacbcba badcd acac bdbdc
cabb ddabaa aba bbddaccab cbadbaa bc dccddbcbd bbabdbaa c adadcbcaa bbdaddcdd  cccaaadac cdbc
cbcbc a daccbbad bbcabdacb dd accadbb bcbdbdccd cdc adbbdc acdacccaa bbcc cdcbd bcbbdaccd adb
ab cbab baacbaaab bcccbd bdc dcbdbbabc cdacccb dd ccdbbdcdb acdbcbcc a bbadbbabc acbdabcba  cc
dabdbca aacadbbca b bdcbcdaa cddbbdabd ab baadbab cdccdbbba ddb dccbca adbbdabaa dbdb bbdbd c
caccdcac bbdad ddbc abcabaddc cbcdaa dab bdadcadbb ddcccdb cd dcadcbdcd cadddaab a aabacccbd
 bcacdadda  bacbadbda bbccdaccb c cbcdadda cdbbdabdc dc ccadccd aabaadcca dda bbccbb aaaccaab
a ddbd ccccb cbdbcddbc bcddc bccc dbabddcaa ddcbad dba bcdbccddc cabdbcc ad ddcdbaccd addbcdd
d b baaccbbac dacbcbccd  ddbadccac bbbbaabbc b bbdaccbd bbcbbbbdb cc bcadbdc dccabdbac cac aac
acb aabdaabdc bdbd ddddc caadaadcd ddccb acaa ddbcaaadb bddcda bcb addccacba caadacb aa adabd
ccda cabccbbd a adbdaaccc ddbbbbdac  cbcdbdbab ddbccbdab a abdbcbdd cdcdcacdb bd dcbddab dddd
cacdb abc adcaac dbccbdbdd adba bbbbd abdcbcabb adacc cdca dddaadcad ccdcdd bbc accdadada abb
bcdd dd dcacdccdc dadcdbcc c dabcadabd bbdbabcca  cbbbbbbda badcdcbbd b bbbdbccc daaddccaa da
 acadddd cdacbbcbb cbc aaabcc bbacdcdcd ccac dbbaa dadddcabb aacac ddda cdaaacaca adacdd ddd a
aababacd dbdaabd ad cdabddacb bcaabdca a bdbbabaaa abbddcbca  cbdbbddbc acabdacba b baadcdbb
 accbacbcb ba cadccaa dacdaddbb bbc acaccc ddaabbcab cbab accdc baaddabbb cbddc bacb dccbcbca
b bbaddd ccb dbbdbbdac addabad ca ccbbdabdb acbbdbcd c bbaccaccc acdddddda  ccbaabaab bcbaadb
ac d bcccaccd badaabcac dd bcbddda aacaadabd cba caadcc dcdcbcddd dabc caabc adaadaadd dadab d
cda abaadabaa ddbadd cdb ccbcaacbb aaabcdc dc aaccccaab aaadbacb d aaccbccaa babdbbdcc  dbbdc
adda ccbabdaac b bdaabddb dbaabdabc dc bcccdbb dcbccaadd baa daaadb dbaacbbbb bbcd acaac bdad
dddbd cabad cabb bbbbddaba abdaab ccc baabcdbaa cabcacc bd dbdbbabaa cccddcdc c cccacacaa dac
ccdacd  bbbbdacdc ccdbababc c accccbac cbdbbcdcb dd ddccdbc bddbcaccb adb dbaddc aadbacbcc ab
ad cbdba ddccddaab ccabc abcb ddccbdbdc ccccda bdb acbabbaba dabbddb ad bdbbdaaaa ccacdaaa b d
bbbadbda dbbbadbcb  adcbadcdd ccccdbcbb b abcbbbad dacaabbcb ac bcaccdd dbbdbdcba dab cbdaaa
 bbabcadcb adda bbcbd cbacdbcac bbada dadc bbbcdcaba abcaac dad adbacbbcc adbccac ab adbbdbdc
a bacdacba b dcbcbdcac baadbaadc  bcbbddccd adcaaaddd c aacdbdcd daddcabcd db bcacdba babcabd
db aca bdaaba cadcbbaac bbba cdccb dbcacdccc cdccd baaa bcdadbdad ddabba cba caabcdcdb dbbdba
c dc cabdbaddc acdadabb d dcbcaaabc bdccdcbaa  cdaaaaddb bdabdaccc c cbacadba dcacddccd dd dca
bdbd acccddcab abb badbbb bbcdbcaaa baad bbabb bcabcabcd abbda cadc ddacaacdc ddddcc daa baab
acdcb dbabbad cd dadcddddc caacaadd a dddabccbc cccdbcada  caccacdac cbddaddcc b dcbdbadb dcb
cabbbc dc dcdbcab cbbbdcacc cad bacabd ccddaacdb cdbc cccab bcabcbdbb adddc dcab dabaacaaa bc
cadc cac ccaadadca dbabbdd cc acbbdddab cadbdbbc c dabbababa dbacaaabd  aaacddbbd bbbacbaad b
 dacdbaad adbcbcdaa db acabbba ccdbcacab dba daacda adcbdadcc ccca cbdbb acaaabbac bccdc daaa
 bbaadcdad bdaddc ada abcdaccda bccacdd ca bcaacdcdc dddcacaa c ddcaaccdd baaabddca  bcbadccb
a dbaddbdbc d bcdbadaa dcdcccbab cb cccdcda ccbadcbab caa cbdbdc cbddacbcb bbbd babaa baadccb
cb ddaaa badc bdaaabdca bdbbcc ccc adaacdacd baaddba bd ddcacccdb dcacaadb d daadaddbb babdcc
bca  babdacdad cccccdabb a dbbcbbda ddbdcccbb bb babaddb ccdbbadad ccb bbdbcb addcdbbbc dada a
baad dbababcbb cdcdc abcb cacabdccd dacdbb cdb accdccbbc dcccbda dd dbcdbbcbc dbcadbda c aaab
badbb bcabdcbaa  bcdddbdcd cdaaaabaa b dbdcacbd cdcdbbbcd da abcbbad addbccddb caa cadabd cdb
cbbdba abca cabcb adddccbdb daada cdbd dacaadadc abddad caa dcdbcddba dbccbad cd cbadcdacb ba
badbdc a bccbdacbd bbaabcbab  ccddbdacd abbadaaac b abcbcaca abcadacbb dd dddcabc badabddbc d
ba ccbdbd bbbbcacba ccda dcbad dddadbcaa dbcab caca cbabbadcc acbdda aba dcdacbcca ddbddda dc
 baacadaca baabacbb a cdbacbaca dbadaccaa  bcadbbdad dcdbdbaaa a ddbdbcdb cccbcbcca bd addaba
c caadccbdd dcc adbcdb bdccdbbca bdca cbadb ccbacaccd bbcdc bcad dcdcbaccb adbcdc cbd abcadbb
da bcdacab ad bddbabdab ccdddccc c cdcbacdcd daadabada  ccdccdacd cbdabcdbb b babadcda baabac
acb ac dccadba aaaccbcdc ddd aadabb daadbbbbc ddbc bcdcc bdcaabcda babbc dbba bdddbdbdd cadba
c ddb aabbdcaca bdddcaa bc dadbdbadb daadcbab d aaaaadcbd caddcbbcd  dddadadac accccbaca b cdb
cacac ddddbabcd cb bbabcaa dbdbbacdc dac dbcdba bacadcbba acba bcabd bbdbbbacb dbcaa cabb ccb
ddddba dabdca acb bdbcbbcbd ccbabba ab ddadddcac bcdcadda a dacaadcda cdabaabdc  acacccada bc
cacddcb d dccaccbd cbdcababd dd ddcbdba aaddcadba bcd bdcbab dcadadbca dcdd daaba ccadcdcdc d
ccca cdbd bdbaaddac dbbbab dad ddabdbbda bdbdcdc da bdbdcddad accccbab d ddddccbab cdabcbacc
  accdcbdcd accadbbcd c acbdabbb dbbdcbbbd aa dbcbdbc abaadbbcd dda ddbaba abbacaddd ccbb bacb
d acaabbdba daccb ccac acadaccab bbccda add aaadbdaaa aacbdbd cd baaacacbc adccacad c aaaabca
ad cccadddac  cacdbbcdd bdcacccab b caddbdbc bcaacabac ac cbdbbda abdcbdcdd dac acadaa dabaca
aba abcc dcaad dcdcdccaa dcddb cacb cbbcabdcb dddbda dbb cccddaadb cdcabca bd ddcdaaadd abccc
dca c bbddababc cdbbacbbb  baddddcbd aadbbcbcb d cdaddcdb bcacdacbc bc cbcaaad adcddbbac dba d
daaaa bdbacdcaa acbd bbbcb baaaccbcb ddddd dccd baaacabad dcbbca bca bdbbacddd dbadccc da cbd
acbaad cdccbdca a abbdabacd accdbacbb  ddcaaacba bbacdbdba b cdbdabcd caadbcbab dc dcbdddc cb
bcddbca cdc acbdab caababbdd bdca cbbbb acabbcbab ccaad daca babbbddcd aacddd cba acadaabcb d
ccdbac bd bbcdcbcaa babbdddb c cbdaacbcd ddacacddb  cadcbbdab dcccbbdbb c bbdaaacd adacbddba
 ac aadadbd abccdbaab dbb bdbddb abdcadada abba dbddd ccbbdddca ccbad dabd ccddadacc cdacdb db
b bbddccccd ababdaa ab cabbdadac dddaaadc a adbcadabd baacbacdb  ccdacbcdc ccdcdbbdd b dccaca
ca bdadacbcd bc bccdaab cdbabdcbd dcb acdcab ddcbbdadc adcd adbdc ddabcdbdc badac cbdc abcbba
dad cadbda dbd baaccbccb dbcdddc ac bddaabdba bdbbbbdc a dccccbbac cadaccdcc  cbdbbbdaa aadcb
ddbd b cbcababb bcbccccab cb acdbdab bcaaccbbc aad ccabcb cccddabcd cbdb cacda bdabcbdaa baad
a bbbc aacdacddb ddcacc add abacdacbc dbacdca dd cacadadba bbcddcdb b acdbaacbd aaddbdbaa  adc
bcdcdb dbdbdccab c bdbaabbc dcddcdaba dd bbabacc dadbaabbb abc caaaca addbccdbb babb cbaca bc
cdcadcd aaccc accd bcbdcbdac acccdb adc cbbccdaad aababbc dc acacabbab acbbdbbd d dadcbbabb d
adabcccd  bcabccbdd dbacddcbb a dbcbdaaa dadaacacb cb dbabdaa ccccdcdcb adc dcbcdc accbbddba
 adbb bddbb abdacabab ccacd dccb cadbdcabc addbab bdc accdaadbb cbadbad ab abbaabccd badacbda
 d bbadaadbb bdbbcdcda  accddcdca adbdcdbcc a bcdaddca bbaddddba ac dbbccab bdcdbbaaa dab bbac
dd bacdbaabd bdbb aaacb cabdcbbcc adadb bbdc aadaabbbb acdacd ccc dbacdbaba cbddadb dc cacdcb
baa aaabbccd b dcdcbdbca adddbcaba  aabbdcadd cbadbdbad d dcdacaaa cbaadcbdc bb bbaabba daaac
bdcd dbb cbbddc cdaadcaaa baad abacc dbcadaacd ddcba daaa abccdaadb ccdaac acd acdccdaad ccac
dbb bc cdcbdaabd dacdbaad a dbaacddcc dbcdddccc  cccdbdccd abcbbcbca a cdbddcba adcaacdad bd c
abacdb bcabcbbcb cab cbaccd dbbcadbbc bcbb abbca dcdadacbd bdada caab dccdbabbd bcabdb bdb db
baccbba bcddbbd bd cdccbdcbc aabcdcdb c bbabdcaad dcccabadd  cdacbcddd baabbadab c abdbabdb b
dbadacbc bd bcddddd aaacacbdc bba dbacba cccbacbad cbca bbddb cbbbbacba ccaab bccb bbcdcbdcc
 bcaddc ddb bcacabdcb dbdcacd dc dbbbddbad abaddddd a bdbbadcbd ccbbaabdd  dbbddcdaa daccbbaa
d b bcbbabbc badabdabb ba dbdbabb ddbcbccab cda cdcdda dcabdbcbb bccb bbdad acbabdabc dddaa aa
bb adcdaacca abbbcb daa acbabdcdc dbbccbd bc dcadddcac dabacaaa a cabbdddaa bdababbcc  cbdcca
cba cacbcbbbb b aaadbdab acdabdbcb dd cdcbcac dbdddcbac adc cbabca acbcdacdb cadc abdaa bbccd
ccac daabc accc dcddabdcb cdbbca bcc cddbdbbab bcdbdbb aa ddbbcbccb cdcbdbbc a adcadbabc bbbc
adadc  abacbacca bcccaccbd d cddddbaa dabacacbd ac acccbcc bddaabccd bbb cdcaca daccaddac cbc
d adbbd cbbcdacda dccba daad ccbcdccdd bbcdcc dca ccadddbcd cacbccd cb dcbcacdcb dcdcdabd d da
badbadc ccabdaaaa  cbdaaabca abaddabac d cbcacacd ccabccbda ab bbccabb bdadabbaa cbd aababa a
dcabdbab dcba bbadd cdacacbba baacd dbca dcaacabda ddbdca dca bacbdcccd bcdbddc cb aaadcccdd
 ccbbaddd d cdcadadbd dccddcdcd  abcacdadd abdccdacd d bababadc acbaddbab ad abcdcad bcbabdba
d cab adbaca daadcdbbd dada cdbba ccdccbcad aaadd aada dadadaacd bbccbd cdb cacbaabdb accdcac
 cd aacaddcba dadababd d acdcaddad baddcdabc  bdcdcdccd cacbcdccb b cbdcbcbc abacadbbc bc abbd
dca adbccddbd bbd dbcadc acbadaaab bcac dcaac bddadabcc dbdcb bcbc badddbacc cdabca dba baccc
ddbc adbccab dd cbdcdacdb addbbbbd d ddbccabac bcbdcadab  cddcdadcb aaccabdda c cdbccbcc dbca
cacaa ad dddabad addcbdbca aca cabbab dccdcddbd dcac adbac dbdcdbbca cdcad dbcd dcbdaddbd abc
aaa ddb accccddac ddbacba dc bbabcdccb ddadcddc a bddbcbbac dddaacdbb  cbbadabad dacabacac b b
dbcdabc cadbcacad bb addcaab ccddddaca daa caccbd dbbaacaab daba cdddc addadaadd bdbbd bcda c
aaaccccb bbdbbd cbc ccddcaddd bdcacca ab ddacacabb bbcdaacb c daabaabcb cbbbdbadc  adddcbdac
 aaddadbca a ccadbaba bbbbccabc ac abbaaac babbdddbb cab bdbbbd aabcdbdad dcac cabdb bccdabab
d aaddb adac bcabccbac bcccaa cdd acabcbdbd bdcadbd ad cdbdbdcba cccbcdab d daccdccdd dbdcdbc
db  acdadbdad acdcabaac d bcbccbdc addbabdaa aa abcadad cbbbabcba ddb cacbaa dbddcabdd bbca bb
dba abadaadbb cdcbd bbaa adcdcddbc acaada bad ddcadcbcd aacbaca ad aaadadacd dbadbddc a acadb
aada ccdddaddc  bdbbaccdc bccdcddbb b bbcbabac baabcbbdb ad addbacb cdaaabbab bad abcccd abcb
cbccb bbcc ababc dcdddabba dabcb abcd badaddbbd bacaac dcc ddbacadac cccccdc cc bbaabcdda cdd
cadac b dbaaadada caaacdadc  dacacdcdd ccdddddbd d cdcbdaac dcdccaccc bc acbcbba ccbdddbbd dd
d cdddbb cdccdcacc ccca babca bcbddccbc cddba dbdd baabdabca dccaaa abb bdcbdbacd ddbbadd ab a
aaababbb babbadbbb c addbcabb ccacaaaab cd adcbbba baacbdbbc aac dadccc bdccbbbaa dbdd bdda
b bcdabdbcc dacab cdaa cdaadbbcc cdccdb cdc bdbbddddd aababba dd cddcbdbab cbaaccad b ccdacbd
bb aacdbabad  dbcaccbcb dcdbdbbaa c acdadacc cbcdddaac aa dcbbacc dcbadbbbc cab cdbbdb caacbc
bab dbda badbd bbabacbdb cabcd dabc cacdcdbcb cdbcac bbc dbccabbda bdabaac bd abaaccddb adbda
dac c dccdbaadd dacdcabad  cababcddc bcbcdbaca c dbccddcd dddcadbba aa dbbacdd dcbacddad aac c
cabcd cddaadaac ccbc babcd accbcdbdb bdcdd acca cbccbcdbc bdaacc dab bbcaacdba bcabbac bb abd
cccacb cbdaddaa c aacddccdd adccbcdda  bdbaaadba cdbdbcdbb d adcdaccc aaadbcdba ad bbbdddc cd
ccddbcb baa cbcabc bbbbcabdd cdca cabbc bdbabaaab ccbcd abcb cdcaaccca aacbda cbd dddbccaab b
dcacdc ab bbacbbacd dabcacaa b bbcbbcaaa dcbbcaddd  bbbbdbcaa aacdbcaba c aadcaccc bcbbabada
 ab dccaddd bcbcadbac bca adbccd cdcacbbbc ccdd bcdbc ddcbdadbc bbcda abdc ddaadcbbb abbddb cc
c adabbdadd aaaadbc dc baacdcdbb dabdaadd a daaaccbca acddbcccc  abcccbdac bacbadbad a cdcdba
ca acacacdcc db bcbaaba dcccabdcb cdd cbaadc abdccbcdb dbad addda ccacbdcdb ccdbc dbab cdcaaa
acd bcadad cbc aabcacdab dbcbacd da abddadabb bccbbabb a cadababab ddaabbdca  ccddbbadb aaacd
cadd b acacdccc bbaacadad dc abcacbc bcadabbcc acb acdcac cbdbdcdcb abdc dbccb aadcbccbc bbcb
b daac daacdbddc dddbbc bdb ddbbdaccb bcbccca aa addddaccd bdccdbda c cbdbadabc dbcccddac  baa
bbacac baccacbda c aaabcbda aaaabccab bc bbacadb bdabcaaca cdb ccaaab cccbababa cbba cbaca dc
cbaabaa bbdab ccaa badcabdab acadba abb baccbdacd bbdcccd bb bcadaccdb dadaadac a babdcdaba d
cdbdaacb  cdaacdbab cadaaabcd d dbcbcacc accabdbac cb bdcdadb ababccdba cca abbdba dadbdcddd
 dcab cdcca cbbbcdcdd dcdac cdaa bacbbaaab dcabba cab dbcdadbba cbbbacd ac baadcaaac accdccbc
 a ddddbbcad dccaabdcc  ddccabbbd bbbcabaab b bcbdbddd aabbcaabb aa caaddbb dbbbabbdb aac bbab
db acabdbacc dcda dccbd bdbaabcba ccdbc bada aaaccbddc ccbbba bbb cdbdadaaa cdbaccb ad badbba
ddb aadddaad b caddabcaa cadcaadca  ddddbddad bcccbcdac b dabbbdba cdaadbddc ba bdbbcca ccdbc
cbdb dba addbab bccbbdcac bbdd bcdac cbabdbdad baadb dddd bccaabccb baacba dac baadcddbb bdcd
aac ca cdbbddddb acabaacd c cbbcdacdd cdaccaddc  ababdadbb abcbccbda b cdabbbad dadbdabcc da b
adcbcb badaabacb adc cacdca bbcaaaada dbad bdccb dbdccbcaa cdabc cdba baadbbcdc ddcbdd aab aa
cdbcaad bccbcab bb caaabccbb caacdaba c dccaaacdd bcdcaddaa  bbdaddbca adddbdada a acbccbdc b
dbaddbad bc adcdcba bbddadcda bdc abdaba bcbbacaac ddbc bbaca dbccadddb dccda acad bcbdddbbd
 bdcccd acb bbbcbbabc babbbdd ca bbbaacccc bdbadaaa b cddbcbdbc bdaacdaba  bccbcacad bdadddcc
b b cacaddcd bccdbdcab ba bbdcaac bbdcaaddb daa ccbdca dbdacaddc dadc cabba caabadddb caddb cd
cc dadaaccaa dacbca dab ddaadddbb dcacbbb db cdbcdbddd cddcbcbd d ccddbdccc bcbbabdbc  bcbbcb
dcd cbabbacac b baddccba bbadbacbb ba dbaddaa caaaaadbb daa bacbdc abacadcdb dbca bdcba bcbdd
ddcb cdbbb bdbc cacbdbcac bcabda bdd acacaabcc bdcdbaa db dbcbcabab acdbdaab c bcbcdabcb bcca
daaad  ddacbbdbb dbdddacad c aadadadb dabaabadb ba cbbbdcb cacaaacaa ada bcdddd dcaabddda aba
a dbadd dbaddbdca aabdc daca aabbdabdb aaadcc adc ccccdbdbc cbaccbb bb dadaadacc bbaababa d ac
dcbcbdc dddccbcab  ccbabcdba babbcbbaa a bdcdacdc ddaccdcba bb cccaadc bbdccdbcb cac dadbcd a
ddbccadc addc bdbac babbbbddb bbdcb bbaa aadaccbaa dccbcd aac dccdabcba bbcbcab dd adcababba
 dddcbdcb d bcbdcbdab cbbadacbc  cdbddbaca dacabdccb d dcdddcda dbadccbda da cacbdbd cbbaddcb
c aca ccabda bbcbcabdb aacd acbcd accbbdcad bcada cdda dadabadda acdbac dbd bdacaadbb dcbaaaa
 ad adddacdba cbbcaaac d dcbbbdabd ccdabddac  badbddcbc cdaacbdad c cbbaddba aaaabbccc dd cacb
cba baadbaccc cdb bbddbc abacaacbd aaaa dcddc ccabaacda bdcac daba caddddccc aacccc acc cdccb
aadc bbbacad bb bcabaadbc abcaddda c cacdcbdcc adacdbccc  babbcadbb dadbdacab d cacbabda cbba
bacdb dc dcdacad bccdacadd ccc dcdcad dcbadbcdc bbac dbbab bcdaaadab dadbc baaa abbbbbaac adb
aba adb caaacbbcc abddcda ad dcbbabbdd caabbbda d dbaabdbcc ccaccadbb  bbabbcbcb cbaccbdcb a a
dbbbaca accdcbdad cd acbcdcd abbacdada bcc aacacd bddcbcadc adba bddaa cbcbadbca ddccd bbda b
bbcdabda abddbb abc cabbabcbc bbbbccc bd dbadbdddb abbaabbd c bbcbbbbad bacbaacba  bbacdcdbd
 cabbbacdc d daaccddc abacbdbbb cc abbaaac bcccccdab bad acaacd ddcbcbbaa adba cacba dacadbac
b dcbcb cdcd acbdacdbc dacacd cba cbcacbccb bbddcdb cc aadcbadcd bdcababa d accbbabcc dbdccbd
aa  abacaabdd bddcacdcb d cadacbdd dcaadcdbd da ccacaba dabddddda dcb ccdaab ccbcdbabc cdbc dd
adc bdbaaddab ddddc abdc daabaccab bdadca adb dadacbdca babacab db dabbcbcca aabcdcbc c cacac
adca bbadcacdb  aaccdccba badaacdcc c dbccbccc ccabddcdc da cbbbbbb adaacbdad add adcbba cbbd
dabda cabd acabd ccdcbbaca cccca dbab babbacbaa ddaaac dda aacdbbdca ccdbaca ab dbddcaabc dbd
cbbcc b acadadaac cadbacdda  abdaacaaa bbacdbbaa d cdcdccab cddcdbdbc dd aacbcca ddadadabc cc
d dbdada bdcbadcbb daaa bccbc daddaabcd adcbc dbbb cadcaaabd cdcdcd acb ddacbccca aaaabba cd c
aaddaabc adcadcdd a baddccadb dacbcadbc  dabaddcdc aaddcadba b bcdabcca ccbdddbab cd cddbdcc
 dbdbdbcbc cbc ccdbcc abbaddaaa ddda acccd cdbadcabb cddbd acca bddcadcab addaba dad addacddd
d dcbddda db aadcbbdca abddbccb c bccbbaaaa bdacbdcbb  cdabdcbda aabcbccac b bddadcaa ddddcbd
bd dc ddbbabc bbcdbadcb dbc dcbcac daacdaddd bcaa baabb ddbbaacca dbaab cdaa bcddcdadb cbccba
 cab dcbaaabcd adabaad bd bbbcadbaa dcbdbbca d adbbbdbaa cdadcadbc  ccdbabbda dadaccaac b caaa
bcac acbdcbbad bc cccdcca dbbacdabb dbd cabccb bcbdcbcaa bcad dadac bbbddbcad aadbc bbba daaa
ababb ccdccc dba bccddcbbc accbcdb dd bbbababba ddcdadba b abacabdca abdbcadab  cbdbabbcd ddb
dacdbc d bdddacca bcdbdaadd cb adddacb bbbabdabc cdb ddddcd cacacddad abac daacc dcdcabbca bb
cda acad acddcdcda bdbbcd bcd aaaddcadb acbbbdc da adbdbbadb adbacbba a cbdadcccd dadbacacb  a
bacacaba cbbbaccbc b bbbdcaac adccdddba ba acadbac abbcbdbab bca dbadcb ddaacddbc dbcb cbddd
 cbbddadba bdcdb abdb bcbacacdb ddcccc ddb cadbaacbd abadaad cd aaccdacdd dbbdaadb a ccccadcc
c cdabacacd  ccdabccad bacababcd d bcbabdbb cabcacbca bb ccbcdca aaacdadbb ddc addcdb dbacccd
da bddd cddcd dbbdbacba acdbb bdab dbdcbadad ddcbad ccd daaaababb abdbdbd ad dcdddacdd cacdda
bc c bcaabbddb dabaabdaa  bacadbcbd ccbbbaaad b ddbbcddc bcdaacdad dc bacabac cbbbaaacc bba dd
ccdb dcbcdabbc bcab cabcb caaacaaac cbaba adab aadacabac cbdcdb bcd ddacdacbc cddadaa aa dcdd
cbccc bcdbdabd b acccabdba cbabcaadb  cbbcdbbab caadcbcdc d adbddbdd bbbbdbaac ac dddbcbd daa
abdcbc bdd adbdba dacaacbdc ccbd cbadb dbbabbbbd cabdc dcab dbababbac bcbacd daa dcacbabbc da
caaca aa abdabccba bbdbbdbc b bcabcbabd bbbdbabdb  caddaadac cddccdbdc d bcabdddd baabdccbb c
c cbbbaac dddddbadd add bdbcac baabacdba baab adbbc adbcbccca dadcc dadc aaddadcda bacadc dbb
 bbdcbcacd ccabddb cb baabadaad cdbadbba a adbdcadaa dcddaabac  cbbabdabb acbcabcda d dbcabcd
d cccabbcad cc ccdbccb cdcdaacaa cbd cdacca bdabdbddd dddd cabca cccddddaa bdcdc badb bccbcbd
ad ddbdaa dcc acccdadba bbcacda bb adbdcddad dccadcbd b bccdccaac bbcabbcad  accdacaab cdcbad
adb c abacbbca abadaadac dd adbacad baaaaadab bcb bacaba bbbccbbad cbbd abdca adbcdbbcc adcbc
 acbc cbdcadcab dadbbb acc cccabbbbd dccbcdc bb cddddddda bbbdbcda d acbbbacac abbcbbadb  cccd
dbaac cadddbcac b acdaccab ccddcbcda bd cdccbcc aabdaaaaa adc dcdbbd bbdadcaca aadb bcbda cca
acdacb cdcaa dcca bdaadadca aadacd dba accbadbbb bdacacb da bcaaddadd abbbaccc b bcadcccaa db
dcdcbdb  bdabbcddc dbdcacdbc c cbabdaaa baabccacb ac dbaddda ccdadddad baa adcada bacadbcda c
baa badca daabacdda cbccb aadd dadbdbada acabab cbc dcbccbacb bbcbabc aa abaaccaab cabcbbbd c
 abccaaccb bbaaaadbc  acbdbbccc aabacaaac d bbdadcdc ccacbccaa aa cbddcaa aadcacdba bdc dbdab
c abddabcbb daac ddccd cdabacbcd acbbd ccbd dcdadbdbb dacbbc bbb ddadbcadc cdacdbb ab aadccad
bc aacccdab d bdadbddad dddccccba  acddbbddd bbaaddaca b cccdddbd abcabbadc ac abdbbcd bbdbac
dad bba adaaad aadacbcad abdd ccacc bbcdcdbbc dbadb bddc dbcddbaaa daaaca cdd acaddacaa bcbca
da dc cabadcdab cadacdcd b cbcdbaada bbbbccbad  ddbbdbccd ccdbabcdb c ddbcbdcc dbcbbcbbc dc bc
daacd bcabbddab dbb bacbba cbbdcbadb abaa dbdaa bbaaaacac cddbb cdab cdaaccabb bacbcd cdb dbc
ddcabc aadabbc cd abadbaaba cccbaacd b adcaabdcb bdcdabbbd  adcabbbca cbcaabaad c cacdddba dc
ddbcdcb cb cadcdcc babbdaada bdb abadaa ccbdcabdb abcb acaca caaaddbda dcada addd dbcdcaacd d
cacdc adb bbcdbbbac dddaccc bb dbbaadadb caacccdc b cbbacabac dbccccaca  ddcdbdcdc daddabdcb
 a abbbaaba ccaddadcb dc dbbbccc cddadbcac cdb badacb dcddcabad dacd ccccb cacdabcca ccccd dca
b aadcdcaab dabbcc aac aabcdabdc dcbdaab ca adcbbdbaa bbdbacbb d ccdcdaacd ddadddbbb  daccdac
ca bddccbaaa b acdacada cdadcdbbb bb dabcadb dcbbcaaca ddd abcbad baadddbaa dbbc badbc acccca
aad bbddd cabb abcdaadba cbcdda aba dbbccbaca accbddd cd aacaabccc cddcacac b dcadcdadc dabab
bbdb  dbabdadaa acccdbcca c dbaddacb cdabbdadb dd adadccd aaaabacda dba adccaa abcbbcbbc abcc
 dabab ccbababda acbcc dccd dacbdadbb acddda cda adbbccbab aabbada bb bcddbcdac abaacdda b cba
accbaa adbcbdbad  daabbdbbd adcabcada b bcadbacc badcbdadd da dbdabca abcddbdac ada aadbab db
aaabdaa dbda baabc abdadacac acdcd adaa cdccabbbb adaabc bdb cbcdabbcb dbdcada ac aaccdcbaa b
caaaabc c dbaacdaca bacddbdba  bbdaaddda bdccacbcb d caacadaa bdbadadcd cd dadbbdd aacbdcabb
 caa acdcbb adbabbdbb bccc caccb dcdabbadd aabcb dbba cabccabad dabdcb daa dbcbbbcab cbbddab c
d abdccbbad abacdddd a adbccadaa daaaadbba  daacdacdc bdcbcadcc b cacbbadb babdcaacb ac cacaa
ab abbbbddcd bba acbcca bbccbbabb badc bdbab acabaccbb dccdc badb dcddcdacc adbbba ccc cadddd
cdc ccdadac bc aaabaccaa ddddacbb c ddcaacacb baddaaadd  cadabcacb dabcbaaca c caabcccd aacdd
babc ca daacada cdccbbadb dca dbabaa ddbdcabbb accd adaab ddadbcacc cdcba dbdc aabdbccbc cada
ad aca baacacbda bccaccd dc ddcddbbbb cbcacada b ccdccaabc cadcbcccc  dddaccccd adcddbdcc d cb
cbddbc cabcddcbb bd ccdbdad cdadbabca ada bdaddb cbbadcaad dcac bdcdd cbcccaccc dbbbd bcca da
cdcaaad bdcaaa bba bccabccab bbbadca cb aadacbbbc acdabbdc a baabbdcab dbaadcdcc  cdcdcbaca d
adacbcbd a abbcdbcd cddccdcbd ca cdadbcd daadbadab acc dabdba adaacdaab aabd abbac bbcbdacdd
 dcaaa accc dabdddbac badabd bcb dacabdada badddca ad cbadbbdbd bcddcaaa c caccabddc ccdaadba
b  cbaadccbb adbabadca b dabccbbc adbabbdcd da ddaabdd bacdcdbcd dbb bdadab cbaacdbbd dbbd bcb
ad dbdbcadad baaac ddaa addbaddbd ddabbc bca adcaccdba cbddcdc ba acbbddcda ddabcdda b adacab
dab dacacdddd  adbaddbdc ddbdbdbcb b acdcdbab bdadcaacd db dadbaaa abbcaacab ccb bdadac cdbdc
ccca bcdc cabcc bcdbacadb aadaa bcac bbdabcacc cbdaaa bba aaddccccc ddbabab aa bbbadcbcd cdbb
abcd d ddcbcadaa cdacdbcbc  bbadbabab bbdbbabab d aabdcadd dbaaabdbb aa bdbdbcd cbcdbabca aac
 abaaad bbcccbbad dbcd dbdcb badccacaa abccb bddc daacdddbd addcdd dbb dbdddccbd cbddbab cb aa
ccdbddd dacbcbaa c bbcbcbccc cdbaddadb  ccabccccb abcdcbcab a bbcdddaa abadbbbcc db abadaad b
daaacddc cdc abccac abbadbccc dbac dabdb bbbdbaddd dbacb aacc bbdccdabd bdaccc aad acbbacacb
 cdcadad ac bbbbbbcaa bcbddcab b cdcdcaadd cdabbabdd  adabdadcd bdcbbddda d cdbccdba dabadbcd
b db cadbbac acbcadbdc cbb cdaabd bbcdcaccb bdca ccdad bccccdabb dbbaa cbaa dabdcccba cbdaad a
bb bddddccbd dacddad cd dddccadcc dbaacdaa b aabdbbbba acacddadd  cdcbaadcd dccdccbdc d cccab
abd adbbccbbd ca aabdbca ccddadaca acd abddad cccbaacdb daba bdddc bbbdcccca bbcdd dcba baacc
dacd dcadbb dbd abbcbaabb cdaaaba ab dcbbbbcad cacabdac d bdbcaacca cbcddacac  abdacaabb cada
aadcc a adadbbba abcdabdcb dd dabdcdc bcacbccdd aba aabcca dbdcaacdb bbab cbcbb cbbcbabac aac
ca ddbc ccaccbbba bbadaa bcb bdcaacdcc babdcbc dd dabaabaad accdcbac b adcddbbdd abcbbacca  da
acacabc bbabdbbdb c bdaddddc dabdbccbd da cbddcad dadbcbaac ddc caadbc abcdccddb dbda abadd c
abdbcab cdcdccbd d babccadcc accadbacb  bdcdadcdb dacadbaba b cbccddba abdccabda bd abdbdca c
bcdaacbc adc bacdbd adcbcabad caac cdcab acbdaabaa dcaaa accb bbcdbcadc adaddd aba badabbbdd
 cbcadda bc abadbabdb bcacbbdd c dddaadcaa cbbcbbbaa  bbcabdabc adddadadc b bbcacdba dbcbcdbc
a dc ddbbbcd cabbabaab cad ddacdb bbcdbbddc ccdb dbabb dcdcdaaac abadc dbca bdcacbcac bddadb d
bd baacbdbad bcddadd aa adccadaca cabdaabc d cadcdddda dbdacaadc  bbbdaacba bbabbaddc c dbbdc
dda ddbbcaabb ad cacbabc caccdbdbb baa aadcdc cbdbcdccb bbba bbcca cacbcbabc badab bbcb bbcca
bdaa ccccaa dac bbbcdbaca ccbccac bd daddabbcd bdbdaaca b ccbddadda bbdcbaddc  bcabdabdb ccac
dabcd b bbdcbcda aadbbccad bc aacabbc bcbdcacbc cad adbada ccaccaacc ddac dcadb bcacadada bdd
dd acac daccbabbc acccca dad dcbaccbbb dbbbcab bc cccdaadcb aacabccc d dabcbbada cbcadcddb  dd
bccddad ddcdacccc c aaaddbcc aaadddcac ad acdddca bdcddccdd acb bccdcc bbbabadbc daad ddbda b
ccddcbdc adcbd bbba ccadacbdd bbbcad dab bbbcdcddd dbbcaaa bb aadaabacb dacbddcc d ccccddcbd
 caaddddda  addbdaaac cddcacdda b caadcdbd adcbbdcbb dd dadaaaa abaccccaa ccc ccddaa bdadcabc
a acbb adabd acacbadad abccc ddbb adddddabc abbacc acb dccabccdc ddbbbbc aa addbcddbd ccbdbdb
b a bbaabbbcc aacdcccab  accbdbcdd dbdcbcacc a babbdadc cbbdcddda db abdcbba aaddadbcd ccc ddb
abd dbacbbbac dbac cbbdb acdaabdda abcca bbab bbdccbbca daabad ddc dbcabbdca aaaccad ca bbdca
baad babaacdd d cababcbad ccdcdcddc  abcadcbaa dabcadaca a bccabddd daddbcbda ac bddcdda dcbb
ddbbd cac adccba acdccaadc bdcc aaabb cdbaccdbd dcbdb acad aaacabdad abdbab aad ccbbdbcda bdd
abac bd dbcbbbbdd abdabbca c cbcddbbdd adaddacdc  ccdaaccaa bbaabbaca d bdbbcddd baaadaddc ca
 bdabdca aaadccbdd abb dacacd acaacddcb abba cdabd ddccacdbc aaaab bbbb aabababaa dcabcc bdb d
dcdbacdd dabaabd ad dbcdbbbda dacbbbcb c cacddacdd bdcccdccd  dbbcabbcb ccbaaaaaa a dbcdbcdc
 baaccbdba ad bcdcada cdabdcadb adc adcbaa abaacdccb ccbc bcccc caacdabdd bbcad bddc acabdbab
b abbacc bdc cbbbacbab cddcdcb dc badaddcbd dacccaad a aabcbcbab dbdcabcda  caddabdaa cdbacbb
aa b abdbdaaa caaaadabd ab abbcacc cbbdaaddc aca ddabab dbabcadbb caaa caddb abadadcac addbc a
dca aacacbcaa abdcda ddb dcccbbcbb babbbbb cc baddbcbdd cabdcccd d dccbdaaac addcdbdab  dccab
aaac dcadaabdd a dddcbabd aadcabdbc cb cbcdaab accbdddaa cba ddbaab cbbacddda abca cccbd bdaa
bbbad dccdd ddac abaccccda daabbb cdb baddcacad abdcaad cd bcabddacd dcdddacd b bbadbacdb dbd
bbddbb  bdacbdcdc bcacadbcd b cdbaddab cbdddabbd ab cabadca adadcbabb dac dbddcc bacdcddab dc
ab ddbad bcacbdaad bcccc caaa aabaadcda dbbcca aca ccdcaaaad bcaadba cb abdcdcbcb accddada c c
dcadcabc bbdbcbddc  aadaaabbb bbadacadb c bbacacbb bdbcacdbc cc adbddba daadccaba aba ccabcb
 aadabcbbc bbab badbb badadabdd caaaa ccac cadcbcdbc cdccdd bcc dacaabbad cdacdda ca acaccdab
d cadbbcaa c cacbaaadb bdddcaacd  bdacbaaac ddcadcbdb b cadcabdc baababbbd aa aacdacd accbbbd
cb cca badacd babbaccad dbdb cbbac bcddcaaba cbbbb dbcc abcddadab bdbaac cbc addaccccc ddbbca
b dd abdbcdaad dbcdbaba a bddddcbad bcbbdaaaa  cacbabccb cdacbadad b cdbdccaa ccacbdcbb dc ccc
adda cdadbacaa acd bdcbdc caabaabba bdbb adcca bcdcacabc bcacb dbcc acdabaacb caccdc adc acba
dacdb ababccd cb addccdbdd bccaadcc a acbbadadb bdbccbbab  dcdabaadc dddaaccbc d acabaabd bad
bbdaba bc bcdbacb dbacbbddb adb bdbbad abccaabca cbac bcaad cddbcaaab babdb ccbb dbcabdabd bd
bcba aba dbacacdcb bccbaba ad cdbdccacd ddcdadbd b aadacdbaa dcccadada  aadadbabd ccbcbddcd b
 bacdaddd dadaaacdc dc acabdca cdbaadcad ccb cbabca bdccbcbac bbac aadbb adcdcdcbc cbacd abbb
 dbcbcbacc cdcabb bdd bccacbddb addbdad db acaaccbcd cdbcbbab d bcaadadad ddcdbbcca  baaabcaa
b ddcdcabab c accdbcab adbbcdcaa ad bbaddba bdabadaab dbc acacbd cbbaccbda abdb bbddc dcadaad
bc dcbbd acbc abcccdcbd adaccd cbb bbabaaaaa aaacacb bd dbabbcadc ababdbbd c cccdcccbb cbccbb
dad  caccbcccb abbacabcd c ccdabccc dcccbabbb bd bcddada aacabbbba acd dbdcbc daabdbcab bbda d
dddb adaacabbb dbaab aacc bbaddddcd dacbcb ddd dbdcabbdc cddbdbb ab adccbbdbb aadabdcd c aacd
abccb cbdadcbdb  bddddbcdc dabbdadbd d adabbaad bdabdacbb bc bdcbbad acbbdddad aad daaccd ada
caabbc dccd acdaa baadddddb bbbaa dcdc bdabacadb bcddab aab dccbbcadc bddcabd aa caadcddcd ad
acaabc d daacbaddd bacacadab  accbbdadd dbdddadbd d ccaadddb cdabbdcac ca abcbcac cdacdccbd a
bc ccaadb ddcccbbad cdac dcddd bbbbdbcbd ddbac abda bbccdcadb addbbb bac aabcdcbdb dabdccc da
 cadbdadbd caadbdca c accbdbdda cdacdacdb  cdcdcbdcd acbabddac c dadacabb abadcadca ba daddaa
b abcababdb ccc cdbada bdabcdcad bcad adbac bdccabdbb bbada acdc aadacdbbd dccdcd ada ccdcbad
ab abbbcdd ad abdccbdbd adcadcad a dbdbdbbcb ddbcbdcab  babdcadcb bbccdccbd d dcdcaabd ddbcab
bdc ca adaaccb cdbacbadc ddd dcdbdb daadccdba adad dcbcb bdddbddca dbbbc ccaa bdbdaacda abbdc
c dbb ababcdcaa daabbba bb abacbbcdc adacbabc c cacdbccad dbcdcaddd  cacbbdcdb bcaacadbb d ccc
dbdcb cddbdccda ac abccdba dcddaadcd daa cccdad ccccdbdaa acab cdcab abcaadcad aabbb abad cba
bbdcdb ccbcdc bac dbcbadcab bdbaddc da cbbaccbad dcdaccdd b bbbcaadac abdbadddc  bdccdccbd bc
abddbdd a aaadadab adaccdcba dc abcdccd acbcbbaba bdc bbbddc aaacdbdcb cddc aaabc adabbbbcd c
cdbc bdac cdaacddaa bbdddc dcb bacdcaabc bbddcda dc ababcbcdc aaabdccd d cacbaabdb bbbbcbdcc
  dbdbccdbd caaadaaad d acaaccbc ccadcaddb db ddaddab ddcbbddcc aba abacdc cabdcacbd daac aadb
d ccbaabcbd abdcc bdbc abdbdcadd cdcaaa dad ddbcbbada cdccbaa aa abcaccdaa dadbadbd b bdcadad
db caadccccd  cdacddaac abcddcbda a bbdaacac bdbdadbab dc dcbccdc dddbcbabc bdb ccdbdc abddaa
baa acac adcdd cdbabbbbd badda bccc adbaaaada ddddbb aca dcdbcdccc bcdbbbd ad ccdbcdaaa babca
dcd c cdcbbbbca caaabbdad  cdadaaacd acbbabddb a bcbccbdb ddccddbaa ab bcadccd dacdacccd acc a
dcdcd adcbbcdbc dabd aabab bccddaacc accbb ddcc bdbdbcbbc acabcb cda ccdabdcbb dddbcbc ba cad
aaabca caddadca c aabbaddbd cdcdbaddb  bdbacaacd ccbbcacac d bdcbbcbc adbdbcdab bb adacdca ab
bccbbcd aab aabcca bcdcdcccd dcbb cdaab bbaaaacdb ccddc ddbd ccabbadaa aacbcb aad dacbccbcb d
dcbadb ac aaabcaddb aaddaddd c bbbcdcbda bdccabdbd  adccbadcd cbcdbbbda a cccdcdbc baabcddcc
 dd dcdcbab babbdcccd adc cabdcb bbbddaadd cbdc adcaa ccddadbab baadc dcad abbdadcbd cddbba cc
b dcbcbbdcc bddaddb ac cadaaabcc cdcdabcd b bdabdddbb bbcdbdddb  acdbcbdca cbbcccccb c baacca
cb addabacda da cbccbab dacbdbdac adb aaadad dacbbaada caba bbbcc bdbaabcad bbdac accb acbbad
aab acabbd dcd caacadcdb dabcdad ab aacdacdad cdadcdac d cddabdabb bcbcbaccd  acdabdcca bcbba
bcca b cdcaaadc adcbdbcdc cb ddbbcdc bddbdabcc cdd dccdcd ccbabdcdc cabd abadc bbcddacbc cbab
b acab dbacbbdda bcdcad cbb dcdbacbdd cbbcbdd cb dcbbbaaad acadadad d aadcbccba bcbadcacd  bab
addcdd abccdcdda a abbcabaa ccbcdcacb bc bcaccbd aadaddbbc ada baaadd dcccdaacd bdaa bcadb dd
dadacdc adacd dcad daccacbad cbbccd ada acbacdada cdadcbb cc dbcbadddc bbccbbac c bcdbcccba b
adcabcaa  aaacbdaaa bdddbccdb c abbcdaba abdcbaccd ab babbbdd ccdabdbdc cdb dcaacb ddcadaaac
 cccc ccdbc dabcdbbbb caddd dbdb abdaddbac dddada aba dbabccbcc dabbbcb db cacbabcbd cadadbdd
 c dbccadbca acacbabbb  cabdadccc aabdddcdb d ccbbddcc bacdcddba da dcacbdb acaabdccb dda cddb
dc ccaddcadb daac abcba abbaabccc abbbc dbcc dcccbaccc cbaaab abb bddccabdb cabccac dc bcdacc
add aabcbcac c bcdbadccd ccccbbaab  bbdadddbb cddabcacc c cbdcaaac dbdbdbdcb aa abdcbab bccbc
dbdb caa ddbbda dadccbbba bdbc dbdab cdbbabdbb dddcc ddbc cdacbdaad cbdaac abd cadabbdcd babc
ccd ba dccdcaabb acabdcdd c dddaccaba addabbcab  dcdadbaba cabccdcad b dcddadcd abacabccb da d
dcbaad caacddabd cbb aacabc acbdddccc adba bacbc ababccbdb bddbb acac dcbbccdab acdaba dba aa
adaacda dbbccda bd bdccadbbb aaacbbdd b dccbabdaa cccddaaba  ccaccbacc bddcabcba a acacabba b
bbcdbbdc ca dbdaddc addbddcac aad aabbbb cbbaabbca bcbc cdbda cdcadddbd dadcd ccba abdcbddbb
 acaacb cab aacbaadbd ccbccab bb bbaadadad bcdcdabd c adbcbacda cbbddddba  acbaadcad dddbdaaa
d c cbaddcaa bbadaccdc bc ddccbbd aadcbbabc dba cddbcc cbbabdcbc adaa dbcca dcaabbaba dbccc dd
ad dcadbbabc bbccca daa cddcbacda dbacbcd db caaabcadd cbaacbcd a bbbcaaacc cbabcddba  daabcc
cbb cdbbadabb a bcccacdb bdcdacdad ad dcdccdd dbcdccabb acd cccdad bcbaaadaa ddba baaca baddb
bbca bbadb daad acaadccbc bdbacd abb ccbdbbdcb babbbdc ac cbacdddbb bdadcddd b baddadbbc ddcd
cabcc  dcaccbacc bbcccbadc b bcdcccdc bbaabbabc dd adcdada bdbbbddbb ddb dcacbb accbbdaaa bac
a bdcab bbbddbdbc dabdd cbcd adaddcbba abbdbd dcc bacbcbccc abbdaba bc dbbbbddad accdcddc d db
bccacda cdbccabbb  dddccbdca bccdbdbdb c ddbbacbc addbcdabd ca bcdbadb abddaaaaa dcb aaddcb a
cabbaacd ccaa bcdda acaaacdcb dddbc bdcc bbcdddacc ccbcdb dca ccabaaadc babbbaa ca dbcbbbdcb
 daaadacc b bbcbcdbcb cbacbbddc  bddaabbdb cbcbbcdca a dccdddbb badbabaca aa cdcbcab bdacbadd
a cda bccdbc bbccddccb adcc cddcc acddaddad bccbd bbda dadcaabbd adbaac adb cabccbdda bbdcdcd
 da bcbcdccda babbddaa b adbdaaaaa dbdaadbda  dbbaaadad cabcbddac d baadacdc baadbddaa db acaa
caa ddabccdba acb bdcccd abccdcaaa acdd cadac dacccdabd babab dbdc dbbccdabc bdaaac add cdaad
abaa daccabd aa bddadccaa dcbdcccd c cbdbcbaab cdcbbadaa  bacbdddcd ddcaadcab c abccbbbc adba
cbbdb ba cadbcba dcadaacdb cac cbcacd babdadaca daac bbabd dcdbcacda cdabc adbc cacaddcad cca
ddb cca bcddcbdcb dabaabd cc bbbbcbcdd cdbddcaa b bdadacbaa accddccda  addaaccdb cbabcaaaa c b
bddddbd cdcdbadbb ab dcabcca cdbdcdcbc aad bbcdcb cacbdcadc dcca caadb dadbbaddb ccdca abcc b
dcccdada cbbdcb caa aadcaaabd cacadba da abababbad abbdbacd a bcdddacca dcababdca  cbcccabad
 bbcccddba b bcddddbd aabcbbbbd cd cccdbab cdaddddbd dcd bcadca cdbbaadbd ccad bbcdc aaabbaaa
d cdccc bdcb bbacdaaac adcdda abc cbbbbaaca bbdaada bd bbcdccddc cdaababb b adcbcbacc ccdbaab
bb  dacbdbbba cababdbcd c adaddcaa bdcadccca db aaabbdd bdacddbad ddd dddbaa aaabadcca cdda ba
cac aaaabdbaa bcccd aadd dbdbaccda cdcaad bad bcadacaac cbcadca da cddaadcdc adbbaaab b dbccd
aadd accabcabc  dbdcbabbd cddaaaacd d cddacccd bbdbcbbac dc ddcdbdc accacdbaa ccd dcbbbb ddbb
cbbcb adbd bbcbc dadbaacdd acaad adaa acdaaaddd dcbbdb adb acdcdcbcd caccbcb ca addbddaac bbd
aabda a cdddaacaa abaddabcb  aabcdcddc cacdabada b dddccddc cacadbccd ac cdbbacb ccdbbcdca ba
d cddacc badccbbda bbca dbabb adadabccc cbbab adac aadbbcadc abcbba bcc aadbbdddb cbabcdc bb c
bbadbabd dcccdcdb b aadbcdaca cadcdcbdc  baabbaaac baaabadcd a adcbdbbb acbdbdaca da ddccdad
 dbcbbdccc aba cdbbdd dcbdddccc dacd baaaa dddbbbbac cdbdb bacb cdccbcadb daddcb bad acdadadd
c ddbbbdd dc dacacdacd cdbdcccd d acbbaaccd acabcadba  accbdbdca acdabcaba a cbaddbaa ccbadda
dd cc dbbbcac ccadacacd adb dccaad cdcdaaccc aaab adbcc abdadcbcb bdbdd bbbc accbdbabc adbbbd
 cca badabdaaa cdadddd ab cbaadcbaa cdabcccb b bdbddbaad bddaaabcb  aaacbdbbd ccdabacab d adcc
adba ccbbadddd bd ccadbcd adaddccaa cbc ccbacb dbabbacca abaa dcddc cbadcbada abbaa dbda ddaa
cdbab bddada adc badadbbcd cacdbbd cc adaadbdba bcaddcad b ccaaaabdc bcbcaabda  cddbcbbdb cda
cdbbca b bdccddbb dbdacbdab db bbbbaca dcdbcbdba cba bcaaba cadcbadbc bdcc badad acbcaccad da
aba abcd bbccabbcb acccdc bbd cbabbaaad abdcdcc bc aabdbdcab bdbcccac a ddcbddacb cabaccabc  b
caccaacd adbabcdbb d adddacdc cbbddbdba db cbdcccc acaacbdaa ddb bcddba cdbadbbcd cbdc daccd
 babcbcdcc bcadd caac bcaadacbb cddbdd cca cacaabdcd cbacadd ac bdbdbcdcc dbdbbaad a dadbaaaa
a cabbbddba  bcdbcdbca bbbaddddc d ccacabdd cbdcccbdb bb caaccad cdacdadcb bad cdbdad cbbdaac
cd dbad cdbdc dbcaadbba bbcdb dcac bdcdcaccb aaabbc ccb cddcdcdcb ccacadb dc cacdcabaa abcadb
ad b bbbdccdab cadccdcac  bbbddddcb caddacccb c ddcbaadb cbbdcbbbc ba daabbdd cdbddccaa cad ca
aadd aacdaaaad cacb dadda cbcccbbbc dbdda aabd ccbcaaddc bbbdcc cac adcbdbccc dacaddc ac bcab
cddbc aadadaca c dddcacdad bbcdbdaac  ccbabcadb dcbbddccd c dababdad cdcdbadcb cd cbdbaad cdb
dabbaa aab adccaa accbddacc cbdd dcaca dadbdacaa abdca cddb baaddaaab dabacc bbc dccabbadc dd
adcba ca dcccaacba bcbbacdb b addbbaccc bababbbbc  cbdcbbbca ddaacacbc b cdcccddb dadadaabd a
b adcbddc dccaacaca bdb bdbbdd abcbbcccb ccad cbbca acbacaadb dbbbc bcdb aabaccabb bcabbc bac
 dacbbbcab cbbccdc ad cabbacaba cbcadbcd d cbbaadacd cdbdbabab  dbadddbdb bbddadbba a daddbdd
b ddbcaddad cc cbdddcc abccdddbb bbd acbccd bddbbbcbc dccb acdbd bcdbabaab bddaa cbca aadccac
da bdbdcc cac abbbcaaac dcadbac cc bbaababcc dadabbda b bddadbcbd adbbcddad  bbdccdbcd abbbdb
aab a dccacadb bdacdacbd ca abbbada ddbcadcac cad badacb ccdcaadad ddcd adbcb bbaaddddd dadba
 babb cddbcabab acacaa dbb ccdabccaa dbabada bc abbccdccd dabbaaad d ccdacbbbb bbdcabbdb  cccc
ccadd ccadbbcab a acacddba bcbaacdbd aa adbccdc accdadcdb cba cacaac cdbdbdddd acbb bbaad aca
bccacb cbcbc dcdd bdbabcabb accaaa ddd abcbacbcd abccaad ac bdbbbaddb baababdc d bacccddad cb
dabcaab  bcdaddbbd cacbacddb c bdaaacbd dccadcdcb ac bcbbdba cbbabcaad aac dabcba dcdadddbb b
caa cacda baaadddad ddcdd cddc aadcbbcba acabbd cbd babddbcdc ddbcbdb ab babccabab dbbcbacb a
 bcdacbaaa caccacaac  ddddccddd dccbbcdcd c bccdaaab accaaadcc cd badcbbb dbddbcacc aad aacbb
c bdcabccab accb cacdc adadbcacd cbacc adac acddbddcd aaadca dcd bbdbdccbc bdbccdb db dabdbba
db dbdcdacd b ddcaddaba abddabbcb  ddabcdabc addcbbbdc d accccbad dccccbabd dc bdcbcdd cbaaca
abd bad bcadcb ccaddbcbc acda abaab acccdccda abdba dadc cabcdadbc bbcdba bdd baacccaaa acdac
cd bd aadbaccbd cdacadbd b adccbacdb cdbcbcbad  ccbcaddcd adbccadbb d cabadbcc dabdabbaa ab dd
aacab cacbabcdd baa aabada bccbbacad bacc ddccb aacbbdcdc dcabb cadc ccdddbdcd bbbbca dba bad
ddcbdd dadbdad da bdadcdbac dabcdaba c aadabddcd acdcdaadc  baccaabac aadadacca a bbcbbbbc cc
cabaddc dc ccaadca bbacadcdc cdd cacaab acddbdccd caab dcddb cddbadcda aacda cacc abcaaacbd c
bcccc adb bbabdbcdd cbcccdd bc abbacdbaa cdacabaa a bbbddcbcb dacbadaca  abccdbdac cccbaacbb
 a cbcdbcbb dcaabdbca ab adbadbd dcabcbacb bbd cddbcb bbadddbcc abcd aacca bbccabddc bbaba abc
d bacbabdca cdcacb ccb ddbacabdc badbbcd ac abdadbacb bbdbbbbc d ddaccbcbc aaaaccbbb  bbdcdab
cc bdcbbbbac c aabbcacb dbdcccbca ac ababdca adabadacd aac ccbdcb cbdbcbdcd aacc bcccd abdadb
dcb acaab bcca dbbdcabad dcdadd ddb dcabdabbc cbdbabd ca cbbadcbbb babaabca d dbcdbbaba cdcaa
baab  bbcbaccda abbcbbcbc b ccdbdbcd ddcbbadaa ad baacbdb bdaababac dba bccbad dbdcadccb dadb
 ccadc cbbbabcaa dacda dadd abddadaad ddcacd ddd aaccbbadd baadddd cd dccabbbcd adbdbccc b acd
dbbdbb bdcdbbcba  cddabccbb ddadcacbc b bdbaaabc ccdacdbdd dd cdbadad cabbbdaac dcb bacddd bd
bccbadc bcba bbada dccadcdda cbbdb acab bcbcaacbb bddaac acd bbbbdabbd baadbdb ca bbbcccdcb a
cabacba a acdbdacbc dccdadaba  cadbbbada dddddabcd c acbccacc cddcaaadd ab bdcdbbd cdbdadcba
 daa acddbd bdaadcaba acab cbacc dbcdadcdb aaabd abcd bdabcaaba bcddac aaa abcbabdcb dbcbdbb a
a accccdadd bdbcaada c cbadcaaac adcababab  adbdbccbc bbdccbacd b cabdaadb cabbbdbcb db caaba
ca bbaabdbcd bcd cdacdb daaaabdca cbad dcccd adbcdbbcc bbcca bdac ddaacdbac addbcc aab adaada
dda acaacbc cb bccbaabdb ddccaaba c ddcdddacd ddcadbacc  cdcbcdbad acadbcccc a acbbbbab cbaca
baad db baadcaa dcaccccdd ada abcdab bddaddcaa acbc bcaaa daadddadc cdabc babd acaaaccdc cdbb
cb bcc aadccbdbc cdcbadb bb acdbcbcdc dbdcdcca c abaacddad bdacacaaa  bbacbccab abcccbbcd a ad
cdbcbd caacacada db bbbcbcd bacdcddac daa daaaac bbcdacdbb bbbd daadb bcdabbcbd abbac cdbb aa
dbdaacd ccccbb bcd bcccbdbcc acdbadd da dbdbaccdd cadddbaa d abddabadc bdbcacbbb  adbcacdba c
dadcddcd b cddbdaca dbbccbacb cd abddaad abccbadac cbc daccdb adccbdabd bbaa daacd abaddadcc
 cccaa aaba dbbacbcbc caccab bdd ddbaacbca bbabcba dd abbdcbabd aabdcdbb d cabbbbbbd abacadda
b  cbcbdbcdd cbbcaddba b dabbadda acadcbdbd cc babaabb dccbbbddd caa bccccb bbcbdabbb bdaa dbd
cc ccdcaadbd cabac acad acddcbadd accdcc dac acaaaccbd daaacac cc bbbadadbb dbabcada d caccbd
bcd dadcdbdbb  dccdcdcba cbbdcddac d cddcaadc babdcccba ab cddaccb abddcabba baa dbddac aabda
cadb aabd cdcdb aaadcabdb cbbad bddd bbccdaccd ddcabd caa bddbcdddb aadbdca cb bbddccaad cada
bbda c dacdccddd bcccbadcd  bdcdcbbac dcbbcbbba a cddbbdcc cabdbcbbc cc cadcada bcdcdabaa dcc
 dadcdd aaabdbcbb acbd bcbdd dabadcddb ddacb bdda adbcadadd dcccdc bbc acbadadca babbbac cb ba
dbacada bdaccccc a bacaacdcd ccdabbcdc  aadcadcab cbcdbbccd d aabddccc dddcbdbbc cc ddaaddc d
ccacbccc aaa cbcdbb bbcdbcdac badc cdccd adcacddcb bddbd bcda bacdabccd ddcaad add daadaaaab
 aaacada bd baadbcabd acddbbca a cbcbaccdb abdacbbbc  bdbdbcacc caabaadbc b daabacaa ccdbbdbd
a bb dbdcaad aacacdbaa cdb adabbc dccabadaa aadb dbdac babbcbbcb bdbca dabd babccddab acbcdb d
cb babdbcbbc babdbbd dc abcbdbdcc bcbbdbbd a bdbccdbbc acacdacbb  aaccbdbad cbaabbcad c cbabc
aad acabddaca ad bacdccd bdaabddda ccc caccba bcbdcdacb adab bbacc aadbdaaca ddddb cccc aaada
ddbb baacab aab cdaddaabb abaddcd aa abbcdaadc cadcbbda a cbbbdcbbb bcbabdccd  ddbadbddc acdd
cacba d aadbadda cbbccdcbb bb dcbaaba ccadbdcab aba cdadba cabcbcbcb acdc cbbcc abcbbcccd dab
bc adbd cdadaabbc dcdadd bcc aacdbbcbb ccdbcab dd dbcbdabab accaadbc d ddbbaabdc dbcbaddaa  dc
ddaccab acadabadb a cbcbddcc bcbddbddb da bdbbaba bdccacabc ccb dbddbb acbbdabaa adad cacbc c
bbbabcdd adaba dcdc cabaabccc bcacab bbb bdcabbada aaacbda ac aaadbacdc dbdaddad d cbbcbadab
 abbcbdadc  bdcbbbabd acadcdcba b cadaaaac dadadcbad cc aaaacdc acdbdbcdd adb aacaca acccbbab
b baab baddd bbdddadab aaaba bcbb dddcaacdc acacbd caa baabaccac ddbcabd bd acbaddbcb accbbdb
d b daddbbccc aadcaabaa  dbbdbbcba cbbdabbcb b daaabbdd dcddbcbab bb ccdccab daddacdbb abc aca
acc dbdcaccbd cbad dacbb cdddcadad dcadb dcaa baacaddba ddcbca acc abcadbadb dbaadaa bd cdabb
bcda cdbcadca a ddabddcbb babcccccc  dbbcccaac bcabccbdd c abadbcaa ccacbddbd bc baadadd bcdd
bddda abd cacbbc adbdaaddd cdaa cbacc dcbcaadbc aabbc ddab caadcddda cbdabc cca cbdcbaaca bad
caab cd cbacbcacc bddcdaca b dbddccddc dbaaaddad  dcdcbcadc dcdaaabbb d caababac abcadbdcb cb
 acccbbd caacddaad dba bdddda aaabababb caaa ddada adbaacdab ddbbb bcad aaaadbdda bbbabc cca b
accdbbac aaadbbc ad ccddcddda bacdcdba b addbcdcac aadbaacbc  cbcbdbacb bdadabcdd a cdbddcdd
 adbcdcaca db bacdcdb aadabccad dcd dbbdad cdddccbbb bdda cdcbc dbddccdbc acbda abdc cbdaaaac
b cacadc dbd dccbdcabb cbaccdd ac accccdada dbbacdba c dbdbcddcc adddccdac  bdbcadcad abbdbac
ab c daadcabc acccbbcbd ab abcacaa dacadbddd aaa cddcab bdacacdaa bacd daaba dcdccddba dabbd a
acd bddadcdbd aabddb add ccdaaadcb cbaaccb aa acdbbcdad adcdaccd b baacbabbc abbabcbda  abacc
dddd ddabddada a bbacbabc bbcdcdbdc dd babdcaa acdcdaccc bca dcbdbb cccaaaaad bdcc cdbbb dbcc
bcada bacdb babd ccbaddacb daddda acc abaaddaac abcdbba bc dcaccacba bbcdaadb b dbaadacaa ddd
bcbacc  abcdbbadc badcccdad b dadcdaab cabcacbcb da cdbadda ccbdacddd acb cccacc adbcaaccd ba
ac ddbbc aaccabdad cdaac dccb dcacbacca dbccbd acc cacbabbad cdddcdc dd cdadbbacd bacaadbd a b
cadcacad ddadddbcc  bbbaabbda dcbbbbddc a aaacdbba adbdbdccd ba badbdda bcbcbcddb abb babbbd
 cdaacadac adbc ccdba aacdcaacd dbdbb cddd cadccbccb aababb cbb dccbaabad ccdbbca bc dcacddca
a aaadbbac b dabcbcabd bcbdcddca  aaaacbdca cbbdabacb d cbdacaaa dabcacdbc ba bbcddca badcdac
ac aac bacdcc ddaadabbc bdbd ccabb cbbabcdaa cabad dcab ababccccd daaaba ccc dcbcaaaca daddcb
b bd ccccacbcd dadbdbac a dadcacabc cababcccd  dbdcccbac bbabdcdcb a aaaaaabd accccbddb cb acb
bcad adccdbcad acb ccbbdc cabbaacca dddd bddab ccddbabaa ccadd aadd ccdadabad cbcdda aaa abbb
bbabd bcdaadd bc bbccddaac baccbbbb c dbcdbaadd ccabbccab  bccdcccca acdcbcdda b bbbcadbd bdd
cdaaca ca dcbcdaa aaadbcada ddd dddbdc bbddbdbaa bbbd cbdcd baabdacba acbad bddb ccccdbacd ac
cdaa bad dbdbcdbaa bdaddcb bc cbcdcdabd dbbcacda a cbbdcdabc acdacdcac  dcbdbcbcb ddcabdaaa c
 addddaca baabdbadd da ccdcadb adbbbdccb acb ccabaa dacccacca bbdc dddbd abccccacc abccd aacb
 cbadccaab bdabcd cbc bddbdbcbc daacdba bc bdadaadaa ccacccda a dcdacdbdb aaccaccda  bbddccba
a cbdcdcaba c accbddda bbcadcabb ac acadbdc abadcdbba ccb bbacac adcababbb badd dbcdb dbabdca
ab cdddb adbb bccdaacdb caaabb ddd cbaddcddc aacabda dd bbbddadbc dadccacd c cacbbbcca bccdaa
aaa  aacaccada dadbbddab a bdbdcbdd aabaccccc ca daacbac ddddcabba bba aaaaca bcccacbda cacb d
cbbb bccccbbab ddbba bcaa dadcdaaac abcbca bad dddcacddd ccbadca db baaabcdbd acccbbca c babd
cddad ccabcbcab  bccabbbbd bacdacaad b cbbaabcc bccccaddd ca aaababc cbbabdddd bdc aaccac bba
abbcba aabd daaca cacacabbb dadbb abca bcbacacdd cbbbbc cdc cdbbadcdb acbddcb ad dcadbdbcd cb
adcadc b abcdcbbab abcbbccdd  aabddbdac dbdabcada a adbbbacd abdacbcad dc bdbadbc cbacbcbbd a
bc ccccba dadbdddcb dbdc bddbc cbdbcadbb bcbda cacd daccdccca addcdc dba abaccacbb cbcaccb cd
 acbaaadaa aaccdccb b dccacddcd accabaabd  cbdaddddc cbdbccabb a dadaabba aaddabadd cc dcaabd
a abcbbacdc bba dbacba bcadcbbbb dcdd bbcdc caaabadab bdbdb cbad accdcdddb aaccab bbb dcbcaba
bd aacbcac ca dbabbdaad caaaccbb b bcddaabba bccdaaadd  bdaccdaac dcbaccccb b caaacbdd bcacad
abd bb ddcadbb cdccaddad abd bdccac aacbbcdab cccb bacdd bacdcbabb dddda bcbc caacdbdcc dbcad
b aab cdaacccba dadbdad ad cdcbccddb acbdcccb b dbbbccdda cdcaacbca  abbddccaa cccddaccb d acb
aacdc cbaaacdbb ba cccddcd cacdccdcb cac abccca bbdddbddc adaa ddadc bdbcaabcc abcbb cccb acb
bbddad cbadad cdd dbaddaaaa cbccbca cb cbdcabadc bcdbccdc c ddbaabcca aaadcacbd  abccadbba dd
baabddc a cbccabcb dadddcdaa cd daaaaaa ccdddddba dbc cddaaa bbcaacacc bdbd ccdda bdcaadaad d
abcc dccb acdcccccb bdcdbd dca abadbddbb bddbcda bd daccacadc cbbbcdab d cadbdadbb bbdbdccbc
  dcabdaabd bdcbdbbbb b ddbadacc ddcdcaaca dc ddadcbb bcbdaacaa dba babdcc dbdbccdcb caba daca
d adadcddbb caddc ddad aaaaadddc bccbbd dba cabbdbbba badaada cb bdcaccbca aaaaadad d acabcdd
ac bcaababca  abcdcdbcc bdcaacbaa c bacaaacd bccccbdbc ba aadcddd caddacdad bba bdddad dbcacc
bab bdcd cdddc accdbbdad cdacb cbbd bbdadcabb ddbabd dcd acbccdbbc dbaacab bd cddbdacab aabbb
cbb c cdaabcdda baaacccdd  ddacbddaa aabbdcbcc a cccdadac caaabcbba bc babbdcd dbbddadbc aca c
abcab dcddbcdca dddd dcdaa bcdaadbdc addbc cbba ddaccadda caccdd bbb ccdcdcbda dbcdbcb bc daa
dbddac bbcbbdca c cddadcdca acaaaacba  ccdccabbb daaddacba a baaaaacd dabcccbdb da cddbaaa ca
bbddcad dbb dbabcc dccdabcbc ccbb adaba aabdabbab abdcd bccb cbdccaaab caddaa ccc cbbacbdbc b
bcabac bc ccbdadacc acaadccd c acdddaacb caccabdac  adcbadcaa bdaccaabc c ddabbbdd bbdabadbc
 da bdbcdac aacbcdbac acb bcadcc abddbcabd acdb bbdab dacabccaa bbaaa addb dcbdaddaa aabbdc cb
b adcbbbcda bbcbdad ca aaccdcaaa ccaddcbb b ccaaddbbb bdacddaca  cddadcdbc badbdddba a bbdcab
bb abcdbdcbb db adbadbb dbddbbbcd bab aadabc babbcbacb bbac abbac bdaadcdca ddbca cbcc cadbaa
acc ddbdab ddc dabacbbad ddcaabb ad bacbbaada bbaddcdc d bbdcbcbcd abccadbaa  badbbbbbb aabad
dada d cbbaaadb bddcbbdad dc caadcdb cadcbcacb bcc ddbccc cdbccdcca acab ccbdb aaadcddac acab
b ccca ccadcadcb bdadac ccd adbdcadbd cdbbdbd ca bdbdccbab dacdddab b dbbbaacbc cddbdccca  cda
accbba cbbbdcdbd c ccdccacd cdadbbaab aa baaacab cbbaadbbc add cbcdbd cbcacaada ccca ddbbc bc
bcbcdcd aadac ccad dcddddcaa bccbdd dba cccdcadbb baccaab ca ddaabdddb abdadcbd a bddacdabb b
dbabaada  abadbccdd dcaddabdc c acbdaabb ddbcdbcab dd ccacbba ccbcdddad acc accdbb cadccdabc
 badc badca bcdaacbaa dcbcc adbc ababcbcac dcaada bda cdcaccbab cddbdcd aa adcbbbcab cbbbcccd
 c ddaaacdad bdbdddccc  bdbdcdcdd ccbdddadb c bbcaacba cdbbacbab ac ddddbcb dcaaabada cab accd
ca daacbcbdc babb ddcbd ddbcaddbb cacdc acdd badacaada bdaccd ddd aacbccbca aacdbaa dc ccbcbd
aab dbccbcdc a bbabdbcda ccbdacdba  baaaddbac dacaaacda d dadabccd aaacddbbc bc cdadadc aabca
caca abb cadcaa bbaacaadb cadc cacca babbdbdca caaab cabd daaccacda baccdb bcb ddacdcdad baba
aac cd cbdcbdcba adaaccac a aaaccdbbd aaaadbbdc  abcdccbda ddadaccad b accdadba cdbcbacca ba d
abaaab cabacccbc aac bdcacb bacbadbaa adad dcddd cacbdcbdc cacda cdda dbcdaacdb bdaabb dcd dd
bdadcdc cbcdacb dd adabdbccd baaccdca a bdbcddaad cadbacbdc  adcaabbca bbadadadd a bdadbdbb d
cddbaacc bc adbbdcb adaaaaccb cbb cdbdcb ccabdaadd bccb dacda aacdbbbcc ddabd dbbd acdaacaab
 ddbdcd cdd baabacddc cbcdacb db dbdccabda abbadbcd d adbbcdabd dcdddcbad  bbdbdaacb dbaaddbd
b c bbdcbdba abdcacbca ca aabddaa acbbdcbcc cba cbdcdb cdccbdadd daaa ccddb aacbdbdad cabcd db
da dbcbbcdaa dabcba ada bccdabcab dbdcdcc aa bcbacdbbc bbcbddbd d dddcccdab caadabdcd  ddaacc
bac adcccbdab a bdbaabbc babacdaca bb adcabba baaaaaadd bbd adcbbd bbabcbbbb badd bcddb ddddc
babc cdbab dbdc aaccbadbc aabcdb bab cdcdadddd dcccbbd cc cdcbccbca aaadcacb d ddabbcabd ccbc
aaadd  dacddbdca addcbbadb b dbbcdbbc dabbbbdab bb dddddca cabbcaadd dab dddddb abcdabbca acd
a bddcb ddaccdcab ccbaa badc cdaadbacb abdacb aab bbabbacaa bbabbac aa bddabaadd bbababab d da
aacbbba cdcdcddab  badaddbdd bdcbbcaaa d acbbdccc accbdaccb cd cabaacb dabbabcbb acc cbcbab d
bdbbcabd accb dbbcb cdcabdcaa bdabc acad dabaddaaa cbcaba aaa dcddadcab dbcdcdc ba ddadbabdd
 ddddccaa a bbbaadada caacdbdcc  bdbbbdaca cbcbccbcd a cbbacaaa dbdccabaa ba adcddba bbbcadad
a abb acaadd dacacdcda bbdc aadac cbbbdacca bbbbc ddad aaacbbdcc abdabb aba dbbdccccc cdbdaad
 da bdcacaacb bddabcaa d cdbabbbaa bcbdadbaa  adabbacad bcccbaddd a dcacdbdc adadcacac ca ddba
bdb ddbacccca aad dbbcbb caaababac cbda dcdaa babdcdbdd accaa adda cddcbabab aacdcb cdc cbcaa
cdbc abdbbbd cb cadcaabbb ddbcabbc c bacbbcabd bdbcabbcc  daddcbdbd abaaacdbc c acbdcdca accd
dacbb dd dcdcccd dbadcadaa bac ddbcba dddbdadca bdba dbaad ddaddbddb dcaab dcad bbdabcbdb cbd
dba ddb daabacaab cadaaba db cbccbcccb dabccbac c ddccdbcad caccccadd  dddaacdcd abadadbac a d
cbdadad abbbdbada aa bbbdaac bcbbccaad dda bcdcaa caaaddcdc acdc acdba ccaabcdbd cadac ddbc a
ddacbaaa dabbbb acd cddbbbacd dabbbdc bc dcaacdbbb cdbbdcdd b cbadddccc bbaddccbd  cdacaccbc
 bcbbaaacd d addaddac aaddacbcb db acbdacd bbbadccbd add caabab aabaddbac bdda ababb babcbbcc
a adcba bdca ddcaaddbb adbaaa abd babccbcdd dcaacad db abbbbdbcd bcadcccd c ddbbdcbba abcbddc
cc  bccbadbcd dbcadcccc a accbcbdd cbdddabbc dd cbaccda bdcadbaac aca cabada bddcbdada cdcd cd
bad cdacbaccd ccacd bacb bdcccdcdd cbaaba bbc badbcbdba cbdcccc ac bbbccabda bdbddbdd c aabdb
dcca aacacacda  cdcdcccda bdbadddac d dbadabba acdbcacbc bc dacbddb bcadcdaaa cbb dcaacd caad
aabdb dbcc acbba dabdaddab baaac bbcc bccdabcac accbad cbc acbcccaac cadcabd cd ddcccbcda cbd
dcdad a dbcbbaacb cabbadaac  adadadbca abbaccaaa a ccbcacbb ccabaaaca bc bbbccdd bdacccaba db
c adabcc aadacddab bcaa cdacd cdbbaaabd cccac abdc ddbbdabda ccdbaa dad ccdbdddaa adabaca bc b
dddadccc acbbaacc b acabbaacb dbcddbbdb  bcdaaccca abdccabda d caacbcdd bbbbabdba ac dbbaadb
 abdcabcda adc adbdac cbaccddcb dcbc cccdb ccabcadbd dbada ccbc dbdcbdada adcbcb bba ccacaacb
c dabcdaa ca ccddbadaa dadbcbba d bcccdaada dcabaacac  adacdbcaa ddbbdcaab c dbdcacaa dbcddda
aa cc acbdbdc abbaccddb adb abddbc babcbccbd cbab bbdab bdcdbccba dccad ddcb bbadaabba ccaaaa
 bcc bddddbaab cdbaacb cc aababaaca cddccaab d dcddabadc cbcbccdac  accacdadb babddacda a ccdb
dccd ddcdcddbd aa cbdcada addddcbdb cdd cadcad adbddcacd acaa abaaa ccdbcaacc acdbd ccda bdca
cdaac ccbdbc abb abcabcbcd accdabc bd cacdbcabc acccdbac b bdcaabccc dabdddbad  ccabbcdcb bda
aaabdd a bdbaadad aaaacbcda ca cbaaadc ccbaddabb bbd daddbd bdbabddab ccaa cbaca cddaabdcd bd
abc bbcb bcddabdcd daaada ccc cbaabbbaa bdadccd ad cdddcbbdb cdbbcdbd a cdbabbaad abbcccada  d
acdabdac baabaaaad d cacddbab bcbccaddd da accacaa bbcccbddc cad bbcadb dddbaccac ccbb cccdc
 bbbdddadd ccdaa ddba ddccdbcbd adbcca cbc bcacdaaac abccbac ad babdaddda cbcbbadc c adbacdca
d dabdbcaac  cddcacbab bdbadbdab b cbbcdcca bbcbdbbca cd babbadb adddbcbbc abd ababcd bccacbc
dd ddaa dbcad dcbddcacd bdcda dccc accaddabc baaada cdd bbdddacda bdcdbaa dc ccaaabcdd cacacc
aa d daaabbdda acacbacbb  cbbacdadd dbbbbcadb d dbcdbddd abadbcbca bb dcddaad dcababcdb dcd cc
bcbc addacabdd adac bbbab dacabbaca dbbbb dbdd adcaddcac aacdcb dba aacdaaada cacdbdc ab ddab
dadbc ccbdbdda c abdbcbccc bccbcbcad  acabcadbb caaaddcbd d dabadbac acdbacbad ad adbaddb cac
bdabbd aab cccdcb bbadcaabc aabb cccdd abdabccbc acdab bbbd acbcbcaac dddbad ada ddcdcaacc ab
abcbb ac bbdacbbab abcdadca a cccadcbbc dbdbccabd  dbdbcacaa abddbaccb c badabacd abaabbccb b
c bddcbcc ccddbbbac cbb babacc dbcbdabcd cdab aaaac acdcbbcdc bdbad acda bbcdbabad cccacd bab
 aacddcddc bcabbda ba dbdbdbadc bdaccdaa b aaaccabdc aadbacdba  cbbbcccdd caccbadbc a daccdbc
d bccbdcbcc bb bddadaa dbababadb ddc cddbbc ddbcdbdcd bcdc dabbd bbadccdda bdaba aadc babcacb
cb bddadb daa bacbdbdcb aabadcc cd aabdcddad cddacdbc a adccdacbc ccbbacddd  ccacbacaa bdbdda
dac b acadbadb cddcbdcac dd cbdbdcc babbcccac dbd babdba cbbccbacb cdab dacad dcccdacbc dabaa
 abca dbbbddada acbdad cab abcdbcccb cdbdddc da adcaddbca acadaccd a dddcadaac caacabbcd  bdcc
cbcbd dadaaacad a aabdddca ccadccccb ba dcbcbaa cdcbbbbda abd ccaddd caaaabcbc daad cbbac acb
bdbbdc badaa bcad dbdaadadd cdccab dab ccdbcaabd dbcbbbc da ddcabbbab ccacadcb d cdabacdaa cb
dbddadb  aaccaaddb abcdabdca a aacabacb cadbdbbac cb ccadcbb aabacaada dcb cccacd cabdbbabb b
bdb ccdca adbddbcba cccbc aaca bcaaabbba cddbbb dbb cbdcadddd daadacd cc bbabacaad babdabdc b
 acababacd baccaacab  caadacbcd aacbacdac a ddbddadd adaccdabb ba aaacdbb abccabbdd cda bcddb
b dbbdaddcb cdba bccad aaddbdccd dddbc aaca ddcaadcdb dcadcc ddd abccacaab dbbcdab bc dcabccd
ba bacbddcb d daaabdacc abccbdbab  daabddbbc baabbcdcb c bcdabbad bbccbddba bd aaaacac accabd
cda cad caabca bbdcbbbcb babb bcabc bcdaaaadc cbada ccad cdaddcacb cdddab bdd cacccaaba cacca
dc cd aaccdcdac cadcdacc d aacbabbdb ccadcabdc  dabacbabd dabdaacca a daccabca dddccbccb cc dc
aaaba cddbcaaaa ddc caabcc acccabdac bacb acbad daaabddbb dcbdc bcbb bccbcbbca cbbadc dcd bcb
dacacb badaabc ad abcccbbab ccdaabcd a adcbcadaa bcacbbbba  bddcdbabc cdccbcaac b aaadccdb cd
badcccb cc abdbdca bbaddddad aac acdaaa cdaacdcab dacc dcdca bcdacadbb bbbdd ddbc bcbcdccbd a
dadda bdb cdcbcbacd cbcdcab bc abdbdacba bcdcddda c adadccbaa aabcbdaaa  dbcbbbbba bcacbcbbc
 b baddaaca cdabdccbd cb dbcabcd cccacdada cca abbbdb cbabacbbc cddc adbcb bddbacccd bdbcd bcc
b bdcaacccd bcdcda dbd baaacbaab bdcabad cc bcdbcadbc cddcccbc d bdcaacdca abcabbbdb  ccddcdd
bb cdddbcccc d babcbcba aabadaabb dd aaddacc bdaabbacb bda badbca acbadacda dabd cdabd bbdcaa
bbd ccacc bdcd adbabdaca dbcbbc bba dbcaadcdb dabbaad ad bdbaccdbb cbccbabb c abcddcddc ddccd
dcda  cbccadcbb ccbccdabd d adbabbbd dddddcacc bb adaddcb bdacacdca bbb acacbc accdaddcc bdac
 ccaab badcccbca dadad cddd dcadbcbbc ddbdbc cba bcbddbccb ccaddcb aa acdbdbdca dcbcaadb d aac
bbccdc abcbdbdad  bcbbcccdd ddbdbbdaa b bbabddda ccbaddcda dd cccbaad ddddbddaa bba ddcaaa dd
baacbab adad bddba abddadbad abccd dadc adcdaaabd bcdaab ddd aaccaccad bbabccb ac bacbbdccb c
ccabdcd c ddddabdbc dbbdabdcb  cadcdadbb dbbcabccc c accddbbd dcaabbccb aa ddaaaab bacbbcacb
 ccd dcbcdd adacbccad caad ddddd bbcbcdaac daacc acdd bbadcaccd ccbdcd ddc bcbabdbdd aadddbd d
d cadadcacb bdbaadcc c aaccbdaad acdbabcdc  abdaadbdb acbdbabca a accdbbdc aabcadaab ac ccacc
db ccaacbaca ddb cadcab bdbbbcddc aacb bcbdb cbdadddda cadba adad aabcbbbca bcdaac ada abbbda
cdb cdccadd db dddbabcac cbbaaddb d caaccabba daabaddac  acdbcdbda adababdba d caccaaab cccdc
abaa da cbaddbb badcbdddb aca cddccd abbcdddbb bbca bacdc daadbabac dcddc ccba aaccdbbcc abab
db dcd acacaaddc abbaddb bd dbcaaaccd aadddbbb b acbbaabac dbbdadcaa  cdcaaddda dddabbdcb b da
adbbad cbacaadda cc dababdc cdbbabacd cab bbbcbd dddcdddbb adcd accdd ababaccbc cccab cdcc ad
cdcdabc babdcb aba babcadcba bdbcdac db cdadadaab bbccbbad d bdccaaabc daabbbcbc  baaadbdaa c
dddcaacb c ddacadbb dcabbcabc bb bdbcbdb bdbbaddcb bcc bcdcda dcddbcbdb aadc ddadd bdaddccad
 dccbc ccdb cacddaddd bbdcad dac cccdbadaa bcddcdd db bbaacbada aaccbdcb d bdcddcdbc abcabcab
a  bbaabbabb addacadad b addccdaa adccabbca cd aabbdcd cacabbcca aaa adaadb accbcdabb bdcc acb
cc dbcdbadcb dcdab adbd abcdaccdb cbbddc bcd dabacaada ddaadda ba cbadabcdc ddbabada a acbccb
bcd dbadaaaac  aaddacada babdbbaac b adcacbba cbcbccccc cd cddaacd acddcccda cbc cddbdd cadbd
cdbd dbca bbbbc cbcbdbcca aadbb baad cdaabdcda ccbabd aab baadaaadd aaabbaa db dacdbadbb baac
cdcd c cbdaabacb addadcadd  abcadacdc babbcdbbb a bbabdcbb adcbcbabb dc abdcaab dcbdbbcbb dcb
 babdbb bcbadcaba dacb cddba abadbcbab dadcb dada adaaabbab bcdbac dcc acdbabddd cacbada ca ca
adbcccc ddbdacbb c aaddaaaad aacdbbcbb  bacbdbacd dbbadbdca a ddccbbca ddcbbdbad da bcbdbcb c
bacdcdbb cdd bdccdc adcadbaac bcda adbbb bbcbadbda adcba cbcc ccccaddcc ccdacd bbc bcbdcdbdc
 adaaabd ca ddddacbcd adbdbdba b bddbdbbbd badcaddac  dcddcdbcc ccddcbdba d ddaccdca adbcdcba
d db acabdba addaaadbb bac ddcaac ccadaadda dbdb cbbca ccbacbccd abbbc dadb cddcccbca ccbbbc b
bc dccbcacac abbbadc bc ddbcbacaa ddbdbdac d dbcbacdba adcaccbca  bacbddccc abdadaaac d abddd
acb ddbbbccdb cc ababdda cadababda acd caddab bbcacbbdc bddc bcdcb cadcdccac acccc baab cabab
cdaa dcaaba bda bdabacbdb baccbab cd bccbdbcad bdacdcda d caacbbdab dadbbaacb  bcdaadada aacc
addab b accdbbdc ccddcaddb ac ccaadaa adcbabcac ddc baaaba bcacdbcdb dbca babdc cdcdbcdab bba
ac caca bdccbbdcc caddaa ddb bdacbddcd bcccbca bb acccbaabc adaacacd a bdcadbbbb ccdcadbcc  db
addccbc ccbcdaccb b dddacccd ccdbbacba bc dbcdcaa badbbbbbb aab ddbdca dcbdacbac caab bdcac b
abadacda addac dcca acbacccdc dadcad dcd accbcaddc accdaba bd babbbdbbb babdaccd a cdbababda
 cbcbccacb  abcdbbcbd abccaadba b ddccbbdd cbacacdaa cc babacca dbddbbadc ccd accbad abcbdcca
c bbbb cdbdd ddabbabdd bbdaa dcac bcbbddcbd adbabb cba dcbcddcda bbbcbdb dc cccabdaac adadcca
c d bbbdbaabb caadbdbca  bdbbcdcda abcccbbad b adaaccda adabbbadc ba ddaccbd ccdabcaba aab dbd
bbc caccdadbc bdac ccdbb dabbaccbd cbbcd ccab bcccbdbbd bdadcd add dbaaccbba daddccd ac caada
cdcc ababccda b bcdbbbaac bddbdbaca  bcbcacbab aabbbadcb c dddddcbc dcddcbbaa ac bddccbd cddd
dacdb dcd bcdaac dcaaabacb bbaa cbbbc aacbcccba bcdaa cccd bcddcccaa adcadd cbb aaabaccac ada
aabb dd bdcddccac cddbabca a cabcbdccc dbababaaa  aaaacaabc bdcbacbbb c cbaaadbb acdbbddac aa
 dbbcacd cdabdbdbc bbb adabaa aabaaabad aabb cdadd bbcdbbdaa dacbc dbad cbdcaaadc dbdabb cbc b
abcdddca bcdaaab bb bdbcbccba dadcabba b adcbddbac ddabbccab  dabcbacdb dacbbabdb b bacacdcc
 bcdccbabc dc cdcabca addcddbcd bdb cbdacd abdcbdbdc adaa bbcaa cadddcbbd acbba bbbb cdaabcbd
d ccaaac dad addaccbda bbddcdc bd abacbacbb dccbdcab a abdcdadcc ddacaaada  cbbbaabda daabbbc
dd b dcabddcd aabccbdbb ad cdbadbc babddacbb ccd dcbcdc caabacddb dabc cdada addacbbca bddac a
acc bcdcbbcdc abccdc caa cdababcab daabdab cb acdabaada dddaaddd d aaaaaacbb bccdbaabb  addda
bdab bcddcccbd d cdddaadd bbaaabbbd dd ccbbcca baabddbbb cdb daccdb bcaabbddd adad caaba bccd
acdaa badca cccb bccbabaab ddacdd dbc dbdcbdcab bcdaddd aa acbdccaba cdcbaddb b baccaccad caa
dbcdac  bdddaadaa aabbcccac b cabdbddc caaababca cc aaccbcd bdcccbbbc dcd bdbcbd dbdcadddc cc
bd baadd abacccddd caacc dbbb dccadbdca abbcdd dac dbddababc bcacaab ac cbdbdbacd caacdacb b b
ccbbdcda ddcdbddcc  bdcacbabd cdadadbdb a cabcacca cdcddaaca dd abacdad ccddadbba bbd daaacc
 ccacdcbad abdd cacac dddabbddb dbbbb dacb cabddbbdb dbadbb caa badbbdccb cddbcdb ba abdadbbb
c dccccddd b dabcababa adccdaccb  bcacacbcb dbadcacdc c daabaccd cdaabaaad ab bbdbccb bdcddcb
dd aad dccccc accaaccbc dbac caada bcdbbbacb dbbad dcbd baabbbaac bdbdcc ccd daadcbcbb aabbcc
b da bacababad aaddcbbb b bbdbdcdca bddaacbab  bccdccadd abaababac a bccdadbd abbbddbdb ac bac
adaa ccbddcdbd dca dbadcd aaaabacac dcac abccb bbadcacaa abcba bbdb abadaaddb aaaabd ddb dcda
dcada aabbaac ca daccadadc bdaabcdb a bcdbabddc dabaddacc  abccdbcdb bcbbcadaa b dcbdacdb bbb
dbccba ad cdacbbd cabbbddca ada cabacb dacdaaddd cdbc cacaa aaccbaacd abdab bbca dcdabcbdb cd
ccba aaa acbcdcbac bbaabaa dc dcddabccc bcbdcbba a bcbabbcaa abadbaacc  bcddbccbd bbcbbabcc a
 cadcdcdb bbacabaca ab dbbbddd bcacdbddb dad dbccba aaddadaca cbbd cbdbd ccbdbcdbc ddccb ccbb
 acacddabb ccbbda cdb bdbacabcb acdddda bb cbbbaacab bccbdbdc b bbddcdcab cbaabbbca  ddbbbacc
a abbcdabda a adabddba ccdcddccd bb bcdcccb ddcbcccaa dbb bccadd abbcccbbb baca cbbba cdabbda
aa badca adaa dccbbbbaa ccacca acb ddcddddac cccdadc dd adadddcdd bdcbabaa a babbadbcd dbcddb
cbc  cabccddaa ddbabdaba a cbdacdcd cddacdaca ac baaaaaa babbdcadd cdc cacaaa bcccbdbdb badc c
bcaa ddbdcbbcb caccd dbaa abcdbadac adbbbc baa badcdbbaa ddabccb da ddaaacadb daacddaa d bcad
baaba aaaadcbcc  ababbbcdd acddcadda a cababcdc baacdbbcb cc bdbadcb cabcdcbca bbc dbbacb bba
dbddcc acaa cacca dcabccdba baddb adab abddadcba bcbdba bad dddccdaac cbadbdc ab acbccbdcb dd
ccaaab a aaadbcbad cccbdccad  cadabbabc dcdcacaab a abadddbc bbcbcdcab ca aabbdab bdadbabad a
aa dacccd aaddcdaaa bbab adbaa addadbaca dabbc bcdb aaaacdbcd cdcbac dcc bcdacccbb ddaccbc bb
 bddddabcb cacccdcb c addbbddda adaddbcdb  bcaacbbdb bcddabcbc b dadbdcba cdcdbaadc cc daaaca
a cbaaadcac bab dacbbb caccabaac bddd ddbbc cdabdaddc accda cbdd cbcabaacb adccda abb cabbada
dc bddddbc ab dadaaabdb caaccbca d cbdbcadcd bbcadbcbb  bddcbcbda cacbddadb a dbacaacb acacca
bbc ca cdbcbcb adcdcdada ccb dbdcdd cacbdabdd adcb babba baaacaddd dcbad bcaa cbdbadaba dbdbd
b bdd bdbdbdada adccaad aa bddadaaaa dbbdbcba b bcacdcbaa bdcbabbdb  baaddacba bcbcccdad c cbc
bbdac bbbbdddbb ab bbabaab cacaaacad cad bddbac dbbacacdd dbba cdaac dcccbbcad accbd baad cac
caccba cabadb adc acbbbbbda babdaad aa bddcdcaab dcccccbd d bcaddbbad cbdcbbdad  dbbdacbdb ca
ccbbaca b cabdaaba dddddbaba cc cccbcba dabadcdaa aab cbdadd abcbdbbaa cacc aacdc cdcccbdad d
acab badb bacddcada badcca cab cddcabddb abdbbdb bd bdbbddaaa cbbabaaa d aabaabcbd ddddcaaca
  babaaabac cdccaabbc d dbdcddab ccdcaddbb bc bcccbdc dabbbadbc dac dacccc bbbcdbcbb abab acba
d ddcdabadb bbdac dabc acccacbba ccbcdd bcc abddacccd accbcca ba cccbbbaba bcbbbbaa a cabcbdb
dc aadacbddd  badbbcbba dbbcdbbaa d bdddcbcd bdbbbdcdd bc bcaaabc cbdadcadc cbb baadac dabcbc
dda cbba aacdb ccbbaabdc babaa bdda dcbbcccba acbdac aac acccbcbdb dabbdac cb dbcbabdcc cbdbb
adb c cddcabdad cadcdabcb  abdacddac cababcdda a baacbddc adcadddbc dc dcbddac dadcadddb adc d
abacb cacbccacb babb addaa babdbacda abdcb cdbb bcbbaabaa ccaabc cbd bbccdadbd dcaadca aa dcb
dadbdb ddbbbdbd b aacccdacd aabcbdada  dddaddadc cacacbdcd c daddbdac abbacdacd ac bcbdbbb ad
cdcdbca abc accbbb daadadcbc bbab ddaac ccabbdaad dddcd bada caddacbcc ccabaa ccd cdaaaddad a
cadcaa dc cbcadcadc dabbddab b cccacacca dccbbbbdb  badcbaddc dddbacbda b babbbabb acdbdabad
 bb ddadaaa accabccca baa babcdd ddbddcacd abdd abcdd ccdacbcdd cbbdb ccdc cbaabbcab bbddaa ad
c ccabdabda baababc cc bbaaadbcc acddbabd d acbbdddca aababccdb  bcaabbbdb badbdbcba b bbbcbc
bd abacdcddb cd dcdbabc aacbccabd bab abbdca bcacaacab dcdc cccdb cccdcdddb daccc cbcd dccbda
bba aaccca acc bbdabbbcc addaccc cd dcdaacbda ddddcdda c caaadaadb cbcbccacb  adddbccda bbdac
ccdd a caccbaab adcdbcbcd ad bdbcaba cadbbbabb dcd acaaac acccadddd baad dcbdb badcadacd acda
a dbdb dcdabaddc cbaaad adc dabcdbaca aabbbdc ca adbaaabbd cbdbbdbb b babbcbbdd bdcdbbaad  aba
ddabaa ddacacacc d adbddaac cadbbbcac cb abddaaa bababcccb cbc cbddac adbdbcdcc cccb cbbdb da
cdcbcca cdabd dadc cbdbcacbc aaadac ddc acccdaddb ddadcdb bb cddddaacc aaabadcd a bdcbbbadb a
cbabadca  daaaadaba acccaadcb d badabcdd dbdaaddab db abcbccb bdcacaaad cad aacacb dbbdabadb
 acdc baaab aaddbcbdb dabdc adab caddccadd baaccd aca aabbcaccd dacdccc ba dabaaacbd cdbabbcb
 a cacdcbacc aabaccccd  bbbdbcbdb acdacacba c caddadad cacddccdc aa badabdb dbcdaccdd cba ddac
cd aacdbbabb aadd cadaa dacbacdcd acbcb dddc adbacbbcc dabbab dbc aabcdaaba dcdccdb dd cdaada
dab ccbcdbdb d bbbdbadcb bdaadacda  aaddbdbcb daabacbdd a dddabbdc bbcccdbbd bd cccabcd aaabb
dbbb acb abddab baabbcdad cdcd acbaa abbabbbab addbc ccbb cdcdbcbbd cadcab cdb aaddadcca bbcb
cac cd acabadcad cdcaadad c cdabdcccd daacabadc  dcddcbcad cabddbccb a caddccdb bcdccdbda cb a
dddbda bdaabaaad bdc cdddaa aabdbdbbc dccb ddccb accbadbaa adabc baba dbcaabccc cdbbca cba cd
cbadbda bdcbcdb bb cbbdcccda aabadada b dbdcbcaab bbddabbaa  dcdccdcaa abcacaccc d dcbbccdc a
bcabddab ba bddaadc ddabcbadb cab dacdab cdcdaaabd bada ddbda bddbdcdca cdbdd cdbc acdcabbad
 aaadcb bda babacccbd dbdbbbd cb acabcbaba ccadadbb c ccdaacabd cadabdbaa  cbcabdddd dddcbbaa
a d cbabacaa cababdcca dd caccddb babddacdd bca aadcda cbbdcabad bcad dabaa adabcabca cadab dc
dd bdadcbddd dcbcbc acb badcdbddc cdbbcdc cd cacdacddc dbabcdbd d adbcdbbcc dcdabcdcc  cddbdb
aab abdbcdadc c adacbccc dbbcbbdab ca adbdbdd dabbbdcca cca abaacc ddbccddda cdca aadcb dddda
adbd dabcd baaa bbcaccabc cccadc abb bddaaadcc bdbadbd aa bcbacddcc ddcabbad b bdabadabb baba
dbcad  cdcabaaac ddbbddbcb b badcdcab caabdadbd dc dddcbca abcadacda cab cccdcb bacaddadd ddc
a abcda ccbacbbbd dacba dbba dbcaabcdd bbbacb aac dacdddaab dacddab ca cbaccdccb ccbabdcb c ac
dadbacb adaaadacb  bbaadacda bddacaadc d daccbdba cdbdccbad da dcbcdbc aaabbcbba cac bdadba a
bacdabdd adca cadab ccbdbcdaa baadc acaa dbaaaacbb adadcd aaa baaaacdcc bacbcdb ac dabddbcad
 dbadaacc b cdccabcbc aabadcdad  cadbdadcc dbcdcaaca d dbbacbaa bbdbdbbcc ac bcdbccc bdaacddc
d dac dcdbba abaaabbba bccb aabdc daddadbdb dacaa dbba dbddabbcd bcdddd dcc daadbcbac dcdcadb
 bb dcaacabbb cdbacdca c cccadcacb bdababdbc  ccbaccbca bccaadbcd d bcbcdbcd aabcacbbb ad ccdc
cdc dacaacbab dcb bbbbcb bcadbbbab adcc ccdaa bbadcbbda dadda bbbc adbbdddaa cabaaa dbb ccacb
bcbc accdddd dc bcadddaac ddbdddca c cddccbdbd cdadcddbc  cbcdadcda abbcabbcd d bbbbacbc bbdd
dabcb ac acacccd bbddcdddb dab aaaccc dcaaacbca accb dccda ddbaacdac aaddc ddba babcaddad cad
bbd dac abaabccbc cabdccd bd bddccdcab adcbbbbc d ddbacdbca acaacdccd  bcdddbabb cbacababa a a
cddabbd bdadbbaad ac cbabcab aabdbacbc daa abbddd adbdadbcb bcbd badda bbbdbaadc cabab cbdd a
bbdabdbc baaaba cba dbacdaddc bdcdacb bb cddbcadbb aaacaaac d baacddabd cdabbdbbc  adaaadbca
 ddcadbcdb b bcbbdddb abcbaabac cd bccbacc bdbadaacc dca aabcda caaaccadb cbcd dadcc ccdcaccd
b dccaa dbcb bbbbbdccd dbaacd abc dabadbbaa cdccddd ac dbddabcab bbaaccdc d cbabaacbd cdcbbcd
ba  abbbacaab badbcdccb c cbbbbdad cbcbbcdab ca bbdacbc abcaabbac dad cbcddd dabdbdadc cbdd ba
cbc abcdcaccc dccba bdba dbccbdaaa cbabca ccd aabdcdbca ccccbbb aa ccdacbdab dadcbdcb d aabdd
dccb cbaccadcb  acadbdaac bbbdddcdb b ddcabaac addbcbbcd bd dadbdac ddddddcad cca bbdabd aaac
dacca bcac abdbd cbabbcdcb dbbbc bccb cbbcddacd ddaadd adc bdcdcbbbd ddbbacc dd cdcdbbdbc bab
acbca a cbcddccba ccaabcbca  dddacbbcb adbcdccca b abcbdbcc caacadbdc ad dbbcbdd acddabbdb ad
c aaaadc cbaadacba adbc addda ddabaadca aabbb dadc adcdddbba acaacd dbd ddbcacbcd baaaadc bd c
acabaccc abcbbddd a cdabdaacc bcbaaccda  addbcdbdb caacbbacc a abcadddb addaabbba ac bccdcaa
 bdcbdcdcb dbd cacacb bbdbbaada dcba aacca bdccacaaa bbcdb abac acdaacdbd baaacb bab bacacccb
a baacbcc cb bbadbbcdb adabaccb d dacddcddd bcdcddbbd  badadbdaa dbcadccac c cbacabba abbddcc
bc aa bcbdadd dbbaddada dbd acdacd dbcacdaca bdca bdbaa bccdbdaac dbcbd bcab bbdabdacd baadcd
 cdd ccbbcaaac dbabbad bb baccdbdac bdddbcab d dbbadbbbd aadadabcd  aadacaaab addaacbdc a abbb
cbda bdcadccbd da cdccbdb dddbcdbbb ccb ccdcdb dbabbabcd bdbd abcac dcdcdadba caddc dcba cbcb
cdcca dccdcb acd dddccbacd ccacdcb cb dccbbbbcd ddcdcdbb a dbcddadda cadaadcdd  bdacacacb bab
dbcaba c abcaacac dddaddddd db dcabadb cbbacabdc bac cbdacd dcacdcccb adac dcadc bbaaaabbd ab
dba dadc abddaaabc aacbac ddb acbccabab abdaaad cb dbababadc cabaccbb a cacdbacdc ccabdaddd  c
cdddabbc ddaaabcab a dacbdbda abdcbcdda aa bbbbaca acdabccad bcd cbadba baaccdaaa ccbb cdaca
 adcaabdbc bdcac ddaa ddbbdbbbc adaadd aba bacdaaccb baaccbd bb cccdcbdbc bbadcaba c adcccbab
a acbbbdbdd  acdadaaac adbaaaaba c aacbadba dcbdcaacb ac dacdcad ccaadabab bbd dbadaa aaaccca
dd adad cabcd cbdacbdda bddbc cadb dcddcacac abdbdd dba cdcdddacd adcaaad db bcbcbacaa cdbccb
cc b accddcbbb cbaabbaca  bdaacbccd cdcdacada d dddcdccd bccccccaa aa cdaacbb dddbddbab acb bc
adad acaacdcab daac ddccd bacdbbdbc babdb cddb cdbccdddb bcabdc adc cccbaddcc bcccdcc aa dcac
dddba dadaadab b cadaaddaa dadcbdacd  bdabbacca accccbcbd b dbadccac aacbdddcc ca acddcab dcd
dacdad dbb acabdc bbbccbdbc ddcd ccbdd cacdcdbbb aadcd badc badcaacda dbadbd acc cbaaddbdd ab
caacc bc dcbbcdddc bbbbacab d cadcdcacc cbdccaccd  adbccabab acccaddbc d bbbddccc daddbdadc c
a acbabda baddcabcb cda cacbad abbddcccd bccd cdbba dbdcddcbc dddda baab cabcdaacd dcacba bba
 cdddcacac dbadbba db cbaabcdbd aaccbaad c bbabadbbd cacdddacd  aacddbdcb bbccadcab c abcadda
c cabbcddcc ca babacbc cdcccdbba bcb baacac bdbbddaba bddd dabaa aabcadbad ddcad cbcc abbbbdb
cc cdaacc aab ddbdbccba baacccb db dcaacddcc adbddaca c bdddbccbc abcdddbdc  caadcdcad aadaab
aad c bcbbdaba bbcdbaabc ad dcbdada bcbabdddc ccc cccbad cccbcddcd caac cacac abdbdcdaa accba
 badb badbcdacb acbcdb bdb babdddaaa adccaab ba dbdbcacbd adcaddad b bbcdbcaca addabaaba  cdcc
aacbd adcabcdaa c bbacabdc cdabadbad ba caacaac babdaaabd cad dbdaab bdcabbdda dbcb adbdb bdb
ccdaaa ccbdd dbab bdcaabbca ccacba aba bbccdddac bcdcbca aa bcaadcdbc dbcbbbcd d bcbdbbdbc ab
dcdabda  dbbdbaddb cdadbabcc b abbcabab baaccadca dd bdabbbb dccdcbdca ccd cadcbb bcdaadbda d
bbc dabda ccaaadccb abcbd aacb dbcbbcbbb addbcb cda adcbadddc dcbcbac dd bddbddbcd dbaaacbb c
 bcbcbcdbc bbddbabdd  bcccdacdc cadddcdaa a cbdcaabb dadacacad dd bcbabda dcdaaacac aba aaddb
a ccaacabdd ccaa bcdcd abdacdaca abcac cbda bdabacbca bcabca add ddcdadbcb bcaadca ca cccddcd
da caaabcac b bdadabddd cbbbcbaab  abaaadaad aabbdddda b bcbbbbdb ccbccaddb bd cacdbca dbbddb
bdc cdb ddbbbb cccbdddab ccca adaca dccccabbd ccaac aabb cdbbabcda adcbdc baa dbdbacbac dcbcc
ba bc cbadadbda dccdcdca a cdaaddbcc cddacdcdb  ddddcddcd bcdccbbbb c dbbacdbc dbbacaaca ba ac
adcba dcddcccca dcd cccddc bababadab bbdb bbbba dbbccccab bbaac abcb dbdbdacad aacdcd bcd bdb
caaabb dcbbbba ad aaddddbcd cdbaabcb d babbcaaac dcdccadca  bcabccccd cadcddabc c dbbcbddb bd
cbbdacc ab adbadba bbcdbccca aad aabdba cacbacccb dddc bbbaa aacccabdb cdbba bcdb bccdcdaac a
bccca abd dbcdbccac dbadbaa ca cbaccdbbd cacdbbdc c adbbbcccb bacbdbcdc  aaaaadbcc acdccaacc
 c dccccabd ccdaabacd db dadaaca bbabcadab bad cdbdba acaaabccb ddbd bddcd acababcbd bccac dad
c dabaddcac bdbaad caa cddbbacbb dbdbcca ab bcbbddbcd adacacaa c bacacdcdb bcdadabdb  bbaaacc
bd acaadbdcb d baaaaadc dcbcddaaa bb acaadac bbacbbdca bcb abbbdc bdadbccaa acbd adcdd badadb
bdb cbddd cbbb ccdabacdd abdbbd aab ccacbdcab abddcca ac cacaaaddb caabacda b aaccdcdba dabcc
ddba  cddddccbb ccdbaaaab d dbcbdbcc cdbbbadaa da aadacba dcdddabcc aca bccbbd cadcdcbbb cdda
 bbabc badccacab bcbcd dbcd cababdccb dccacc aba aacbaddaa aaccbac db dccaadbbb aaacabaa c cdc
ccccaa cbcbaaccd  bcaabcdad dbcadbacc a dbdbbbdb acbbbdcad dd adbcdcd aabdddbda bcb cbcccd aa
bcabacd acdb dacca caddabcdb bcaad cbba adcdbbcab cccacb bba ddcddddcc daacaad ca bdbcbadab d
bdabbab b dbcbbcbaa ccdbbbccc  bcacdadcc dacabdcab a dbdddadc bbdbaabcc ad dbacbcb dccbdddad
 aab ddacbc cbadbcadc bcac ccdaa aaacbcdbd dcbda caac abdbcbcaa cdbbcb ddd caababdaa acacdcd d
c bbcccddca ccbaddaa b accbddadc dcabdcaaa  abdaccaca bbbddbcdb d accbdbba daaaabbac ca cadda
cc ddaaadcad bbd dabbbb cdbbadbcc abab bcacd ddddcbdba aadad dccb addbbdcbc adcdcc cba bdaaad
bcb dadbccd ca bbdadadca bdadcdca b dbccbbbca bddacbcaa  bacaadacd bdcaccbab b cdbcccda bccbb
aacd ad dacbbbd adbaccdbc bbb caccab abcadddcd dcbb bcabd dbbcdbcdc aaabb cdbb bddcdbbcc dabc
dc acd bdadcabcd bdbbbbd ad baadccdaa acbdbbca a dabacaacb dabddcbdb  bbbdacaaa accdbaacd a ba
cccdac cccdabbcc bb cccadaa adbddcdcb cdc adadcd dbddaacac cbda addaa ccccaadaa acacb cbcc ca
ddadcaa cabbbb bab adabbbccd aabacba db acbaccbab dcacabda b cbbbbdaad addcdcbba  aaadbacbb b
bcdcbdcd d dadaadaa cccbcddbb ac dbbabbd abddcccdb abc cdacbb cdcbdddcc bacd bcbbd adabdcdab
 bddbc abdb caddaaada abbacb abd acbdbcdcc cdccbdd bc bbcdaacbc dacdcbcc d acccaccbb aaabdbcb
d  dadcaabac cabccbacb d ddcbbcaa cbabddacb dd dddbadd baddbddcb ada accccc dcdaacbcb acbb ccc
ca cbcaaddba baabc dbcd dcbddcccc daacdd adc ccbddcbda acbccac ad aaabbbbac bdbdcbab b adacdd
cdc ccaacbaac  bbdbcbccb cbbbaddba c ddbbbcda abddaddac ad baddbdd bcddbdcbd ccd dadcdd babcb
